# Sophia and Bastian Weekly Meeting Notes 

* [30 July 2024](#30-July-2024)
* [8 July 2024](#8-July-2024)
* [1 July 2024](#1-July-2024)
* [20 June 2024](#20-June-2024)
* [10 June 2024](#10-June-2024)
* [3 June 2024](#3-June-2024)
* [7 May 2024](#7-May-2024)
* [29 April 2024](#29-April-2024)
* [22 April 2024](#22-April-2024)
* [15 April 2024](#15-April-2024)
* [9 April 2024](#9-April-2024)
* [12 March 2024](#12-March-2024)
* [4 March 2024](#4-March-2024)
* [26 February 2024](#26-February-2024)
* [19 February 2024](#19-February-2024)
* [12 February 2024](#12-February-2024)
* [5 February 2024](#5-February-2024)
* [29 January 2024](#29-January-2024)
* [23 January 2024](#23-January-2024)


# 30 July 2024

## Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)

### Widening Participation 
* Maybe only helping with the London sessions so that I can focus on AIM RSF work.

### PPIE Sessions 
* Session week after next 
* Data Wrangler may be able to attend the session

### RCM
* I'm goathearding
* Briefing notes coming up but am hoping to repurpose the case studies
* Less work from RCM team currently yay!

### Paper 
* BGT has made great progress, I need to add in some sections and details. 

### Case Studies 
* progressing, need info from consortia
* now that we have some of it, can start properly drafting

### Other 
* Bastian will be away 8th to 20th August 


# 8 July 2024

## Health Updates
* Struggling with migraines since Thursday, so taking it easy

## Upcoming/outstanding tasks
- Notes from July PPIE CoP session
  - also notes from May/June still outstanding
    - just keep names/attendance records, drop the rest as now not useful
    - CB already has raw notes
- MOOP
  - BGT can schedule the meeting with Steph for August 2nd
- Case studies
  - struggle with how different AIM consortia approach PPIE and demonstrate meaningful engagement
  - Suggestion: Make "menu" of PPIE things that we could talk about and ask Beth which bits they recommend to include?
  - 

# 1 July 2024

## Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)

### Widening Participation 
* No further updates beyond planning out activities for the students during RCM co-working 

### PPIE Sessions 
* Session this week
* Have been trying to prepare questions and ways to stimulate conversation so that it's not stale.
  *  Been thinking about asking people what they have enjoyed
  *  Is this different from other/previous communities you've been a part of
  *  What would you like to happen
  *  What is needed for that to happen 

### RCM
* Gave PPIE updates to H1 reporting 
* Still supporting the RCM paper (with case studies)

### What would you like to work on in the week ahead?
* Lots of events this week which will fill up the time
  * ECR day
  * PPIE session
  * Collaboration Cafe
  * AutSPACEs (would love to sync up about the chapter 

* Cezanne check calendar
* Summary notes
* PPIE Paper/MOOP
* RCM monthly progress updates (due Tuesday)
* Prep for July session (see what Steph has to say)
  * future of the community
    * do people want to take it forward?
    * who would have the capacity to support it? - suggest consideration and asynchronous conversation
    * what resources and information would be needed if it ends/if someone else continues it? (if we discuss this now - then there's time to work on off/onboarding materials)
    * Batool to bring this as an agenda item in PMs meeting, separate email to be sent to PMs re. if you are unable to attend, can you discuss this with your team and PPIE reps.
   

# 20 June 2024

## Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)

### Widening Participation 
* Scotland session cancelled
* Met with Ayesha + Cass and then Ayesha + Cass + Anne for planning and prep for the other sessions

### Accessibility Working Group / Accessible Events chapter
* Updated WG on progress and next tasks: https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-accessibility-wg
* Opened issue for the chapter
* Opened issue and PR for website accessibility content
* Draft of the Accessibility Guide is tracking for June 27th

### PPIE Sessions 
* Summary notes June (in progress)
* Summary notes May (in progress)
* Chapter and CNC promotion (summary email and/or newsletter)

### **MOOP**
* **Next Steps:**
  * write some words
  * add May and June attendance stats
 
### RCM
* Briefing notes (released soon)
* Still supporting the RCM paper (with case studies)

### What would you like to work on in the week ahead?
* Cezanne check calendar
* Summary notes
* PPIE Paper/MOOP
* RCM monthly progress updates (due Tuesday)
* Prep for July session (see what Steph has to say)
  * future of the community
    * do people want to take it forward?
    * who would have the capacity to support it? - suggest consideration and asynchronous conversation
    * what resources and information would be needed if it ends/if someone else continues it? (if we discuss this now - then there's time to work on off/onboarding materials)
    * Batool to bring this as an agenda item in PMs meeting, separate email to be sent to PMs re. if you are unable to attend, can you discuss this with your team and PPIE reps. 

## Notes
- Been quite unwell past few weeks so have struggled to finish tasks off. I think I'm starting to come right again and energy is coming back a bit.
- I'm shifting days an hour back to give migraine meds time to take effect and its worked well the past few days.




# 10 June 2024

## Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)

### PPIE Sessions 
* Summary notes June
* Summary notes May
* Chapter and CNC promotion (summary email and/or newsletter)

### **MOOP**
* **Next Steps:**
  * write some words
  * attendance sumaries

### What would you like to work on this week?
* Summary notes
* PPIE Paper/MOOP

## Notes
- clarity needed for Widening Participation Week in Scotland
- I'm expecting to be busier first week of July (ECR Day) 

# 3 June 2024

## Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)
### PPIE Chapter
* **Updates:**
  * âž¡ï¸ Book dash
* **Next Steps:**
  * âž¡ï¸ Develop summary sections for the chapter (bullet points)
  * Support Giulia 

### PPIE May Session
* **Next Steps:**
  * âž¡ï¸ Plan topic for this session: what explanations of AI/data/research "stick" for folks. as in, how has someone explained AI, data, what the project is doing etc in a way that made you understand.
  * âž¡ï¸ Run the session
  * âž¡ï¸ Write up notes from the session
  * âž¡ï¸ Add notes to Issue for website (next week)
### Chris B Summary Notes
  * âž¡ï¸ Todo!!! 

### **MOOP**
* **Next Steps:**
  * write some words
  * attendance "lists"

### What would you like to work on this week?
* Get back up to speed after a week off (catch up on emails / notifications)
* Bookdash
* PPIE Community Session
* Reasonable Adjustments Training Session: SB will try to attend as it's an opportunity to understand adjustments in PPIE context


# 7 May 2024

## Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)
### PPIE Chapter
* **Updates:**
  * âœ… Chapter Merged during CW24 ðŸŽ‰
* **Next Steps:**
  * âž¡ï¸ Open Issues re. the parts to be added and worked on
  * âž¡ï¸ Plan for Bookdash (first week of June)
  * âž¡ï¸ PENDING IN PERSON DAY AIM RSF - Write up blog post for the website?

### PPIE May Session
* **Next Steps:**
  * âž¡ï¸ Run the session
  * âž¡ï¸ Write up notes from the session
  * âž¡ï¸ Add notes to Issue for website

### Survey
* **Updates:**
  * âœ… Email sent to Batool and Sydney re. sharing the survey to consortia PPIE
    * send to PMs so they can distribute
    * send out as its own email to the Community (on Thursday) 
* **Next Steps:**
  * âž¡ï¸ Further direct promotion

### **MOOP**
* **Next Steps:**
  * finish community mapping
  * write some words
  * attendance "lists"

### What would you like to work on this week?
* âœ… Frameworks email to send to Theme 5
  * Get lots of people represented in the video and it'll be a great idea!  
* Review Objectives (https://hackmd.io/HB1I6thbTHS5eFSIJlG3vw) 
* MOOP
* Community Session

# 29 April 2024

### Tasks this Week 
**Mon-Thur**
* Presentation CW24
* PR live merge CW24
* Response for BA re. AIM RSF in person day
* Confirm details for May PPIE session
**Fri**
* MOOP

### Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)
* **PPIE Chapter**
  * PR to be reviewed in our 1:1
  * Presentation review/prep
* **Bookdash**
  * Submitted application
  * Supported Giulia
* **PPIE May Session**
  * Invites and session description have been sent
  * Waiting for more info re. recording the session
* **MOOP**
  * No updates this week, just focusing on CW

### What would you like to work on this week?
* CW!
* Prep for PPIE session

### Notes
* Final checks for CW PR and presentation.
* In person day
  * present on the chapter
  * ask for input from the larger team (re. blog post, theme 5 promotion)
  * healthAI survey (get more reponses)
* send a reminder to fill out the survey
* Ask Batool to send the survey out in the reminder
* Openly advertise the survey now

#### Notes

# 22 April 2024
### Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)
* **PPIE Chapter**
  * Yay! Feedback was great!
  * A few of the changes will be made in a v2 (i.e. the checklist)
    * could be bookdash option
  * Giulia wants to apply to bookdash with a section for the chapter on (it's in the notes from collab cafe last week)
    * support her application
  * Presentation to be done today (sent to Liz for review + BGT) for CW24  
* **Bookdash**
  * AWG is keen to do some work on the Inclusive Events Chapter
  * Giulia wants to apply to bookdash with a section for the chapter on (it's in the notes from collab cafe last week)
    * support her application
* **PPIE May Session**
  * Get overview from Chris B (Turing-Roche)
  * Send out invites and thank yous for last weeks session
    * Write up short (5 sentences) about the context of the session and the chapter 
* **MOOP**
  * Started figuring out the web of where projects are based/institutional links 

### What would you like to work on this week?
* Prep for CW 
  * 5 min session about the chapter
  * any github merges/PRs/bugs/Prep the chapter and the PR to be merged.  
* MOOP 

### Where do you need help?
* Next monday check that the PR is all figured out ahead of CW

#### Notes

## 15 April 2024
### Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)
* **PPIE Chapter**
  * KW deadline 2 May 2024
  * ALS has finished reviewing, I'm now making the appropriate changes
  * Waiting on suggestions from PPIE community! ðŸŽ‰
  * "close" for suggestions by next PPIE session (May 8th)
    * We can always open an "improvements" PR  
* **Inclusive Events Chapter**
  * AWG will be taking this forward 
  * These PRs are still waiting for review: https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3523 and https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3522 (unsure if the second one needs to be resolved or if it needs to wait on a cross reference to content that would be in the Guide for Accessibility) 
* **PPIE April Session**
  * This week!
  * Sydney, Bastian, Sophia facilitating 
* **Survey**
  * Will be mentioned in the session this week
* **MOOP**
  * Started figuring out the web of where projects are based/institutional links 

### What would you like to work on this week?
* PPIE session
  * 5 min session about the chapter 
* Anne review suggestions
* any changes to the chapter as an outcome of the PPIE session
* MOOP 

### Where do you need help?
* This week is largely task work and depending on Wednesday may need help scoping

#### Notes


## 9 April 2024
### Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)
* **PPIE Chapter**
  * KW deadline 2 May 2024
  * Created word doc
  * Created google doc
  * ALS is reviewing 8/9/10 Apr
  * Stuck unable to detangle the PR/branch issue: meeting planned for 11 Apr 
* **Inclusive Events Chapter**
  * Unsure if this is to be included in KW's PR on 2 May 2024
    * Assume not ðŸ˜…
  * AWG may be unable to take this forward
    * Decision may sit with ALS  
  * PR has been made https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3602
  * These PRs are still waiting for review: https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3523 and https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3522 (unsure if the second one needs to be resolved or if it needs to wait on a cross reference to content that would be in the Guide for Accessibility) 
* **PPIE April Session**
  * Moved due to illness
  * Date 17 April
  * Planned for discussion of the draft
  * May need support facilitating
    * BGT, SA?, BA?  
* **Survey**
  * Send link alongside email last week 
* **RCM Team Reporting**
  * review the Citizen Science tps team report to check some content  
* **MOOP**
  * No new updates 

### What would you like to work on this week?
* Prep for April 17 PPIE Meeting
  * Run through of the ~5 min CW24 talk
    * overview of the sections
  * breakout rooms by the subsections
    * free form discussion about what would you expect to be in this section (that possibly isn't)
    * don't expect people to have read the whole thing
    * pick any of the sections (or feel free to read the whole thing)
* Send out draft of PPIE chapter for review
* MOOP

### Where do you need help?
* Drafting the email to send to the PPIE Community with the drafts
  * BGT can draft the email -> SB to send a Slack message to BGT and SA group DM  
* Reminder of what we're been doing for the RCM report

#### Notes
* Very unwell, waiting for the referral to neurology


## 12 March 2024

### Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)
* **Inclusive Events Chapter / PPIE Chapter**
  * AWG meeting yesterday
    * Discussed a finished review of content for PPIE chapter by March 25
    * Then to the sections that can be stand-alone added to the Accessibility Guide
    * Draft to be sent to the community for input
* **PPIE March Session**
  * âž¡ï¸ Session notes are almost finished and can be sent out shortly
* **Blog Post**
  * âž¡ï¸ Draft in progress
* **Survey**
  * No updates
* **MOOP**
  * Meeting on March 12 to discuss paperizing it
  * Updates to the mailing lists/community membership

### What would you like to work on this week?
* Session notes write up
* Blog Post
* Prep for AI-UK

### Where do you need help?
* Discussion of formats to send out draft chapter
  * How to manage community expectations about the lack of accessibility recommendations

#### Notes
* Ask infra team if we can have a deploy preview of my branch (ie. same as we have deploy preview of branches merging to main)


## 4 March 2024

### Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)
* **Inclusive Events Chapter / PPIE Chapter**
  * âš ï¸ PPIE chapter version checklist progress is halted until the chapter content has been reviewed
  * âž¡ï¸ AWG planning on meeting in Collab-Cafe this week and in meeting next week to continue discussing what the Accessibility chapter version will look like
* **PPIE March Session**
  * Session this week! 
  * BGT to chair and lead discussion, SB note taker and support
  * Process documents added to the `community-management` repo
* **Blog Post**
  * âœ… Draft overall narrative
  * âŒ› (wait for first draft of blog post before contacting) Contact the folks from the meeting to get input
  * Outline draft: https://hackmd.io/@brainonsilicon/H16KoX1Tp 
* **Survey**
  * Chatted with Giulia - she sounds all set up for success ðŸš€
* **MOOP**
  * âœ… Added back drafted sections
  * âœ… Updated community membership stats for Feb 2024
  * Meeting on March 12 to discuss paperizing it

### What would you like to work on this week?
* RCM monthly reporting
* Blog Post
* AIM Conference Town Hall
* Community Session
  * Session notes write-up
* Collab Cafe
* Ops Meeting
* AutSPACEs Meetup

### Where do you need help?
* RCM reporting
  * updates from the Citizen Science team are here: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/tps-team/pull/129/files
  * Review/compare and add any missing RCM-specific updates (i.e. PR is open for the PPIE chapter)

#### Backlog task
* RE. Who attended the meetings, what consortia/project
  * FAIR (where is this info)
  * Set-up spreadsheet
  * Ask Batool where the attendance list is stored (zoom room access?) 


## 26 February 2024

### Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)
* **Inclusive Events Chapter / PPIE Chapter**
  * âœ… PPIE chapter version PR made
  * âœ… GitHub issue solves (thanks you BGT, JM, and DG)
  * âš ï¸ PPIE chapter version checklist progress is halted until the chapter content has been reviewed
  * âœ… Met with AWG last week and we are starting to tease out what the Accessibility chapter version will look like
* **PPIE Session notes**
  * âœ… Done and sent out (thanks to BGT and BA)
  * âž¡ï¸ Write up process and add to `community-management` repo to do this week   
* **PPIE March Session**
  * Plan session chair, note taker, and facilitator
    * BGT to chair and lead discussion, Sb note taker and support
* **Blog Post**
  * Scope it from the notes
  * Draft overall narrative
  * Contact the folks from the meeting to get input
* **Survey**
  * Intros with folks last week
  * 3 more intros to happen today

### What would you like to work on this week?
* Final introductions for Giulia
* Update `community-management` with monthly community session notes process
* MOOP Paper - see if I can find the drafted sections, and the stats
* Blog Post

#### Where do you need help?
* List/file of the topics we'll be covering in the monthly sessions
* Discussion re. narrative and what is wrapped up for the community
  * Working with theme 5?  

### Notes
* **Notes from chat w. Malvika**
  * part of preparing a community for sunsetting is gathering together the knowledge that was uncovered/gathered in my role
  * How to leave a narrative of:
    - why we started it
    - what we achieved 
    - what the learnings were
    - what should happen next
 * the role of sunsetting is to explain how
   * the purpose of the community has been fulfilled
   * the stewards of the community will be moving on 

#### Focus for "the year"
* Chapter distilling the knowledge for running events
* Academic paper that frames the CoP as a method that folks can learn from
* Public facing wrap up narrative - where it goes tbd maybe the microsite, maybe the open CM repo
* Outputs of the consortia
  * Conference


#### Backlog Task
* Who attended the meetings, what consortia/project
  * FAIR (where is this info) 

#### Brainstorm of topics
* **March**: inclusive ppie events/conference
* **April:** PPIE chapter
  * Slide Deck summary of the chapter
  * Breakout rooms as the sections? 
  * BGT might not be there
  * would possibly need facilitation   
* **May:** Science communication/working with PPIE
* **June:** AI/data session
* **July:** project shareouts (pitchfest - laying foundation for the potential "PPIE award" at the conference for most accessible etc)
  * ECRs focus 
* **August:** prep for conference / why it is the way it is: how to understand scientific presentations



## 19 February 2024

### Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)
* **Inclusive Events Chapter / PPIE Chapter**
  * âž¡ï¸ PPIE chapter checklist
  * Accessibility Working Group meets this week during collab cafe
* **PPIE Session notes**
  * Write up
  * Send out alongside the recording
* **PPIE March Session**
  * Session plan
  * Plan session chair, note taker, and facilitator
* **Blog Post**
  * Theme 5 has said that they can advise and steer
  * Batool can put it on the website  
* **Survey**
  * Intros to happen today

### What would you like to work on this week?
* Email introductions for Guilia
* Draft email invite for Batool to send out to PPIE community
  * Include a request for feedback - call for input impact report/stories 
* Feb PPIE Session notes
  * Summarize and send out
  * MVP: send out recording and whatever notes we have
  * Series A: notes for the session written unordered
  * Series B: ordered summarized notes from the session
  * Series C: plain language notes summarized and accessible 
* PPIE chapter edits
* Accessibility/Inclusive events chapter edits (collab cafe)
* MOOP Paper - see if I can find the drafted sections, and the stats 

#### Where do you need help?
* Reviewing the PPIE notes and organizing them to be sent out

### Notes
* **March Session**
  * How to organize PPIE events
  * What would you like to see in the run up to an event/the conference

* **Community health and Community Guidelines**  
 * Community health metrics were scoped in November's session asking about what was wanted for the next few sessions
 * No further actions 


## 12 February 2024

### Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)
* **Inclusive Events Chapter / PPIE Chapter**
  * âœ… Suggestions being added to GitHub
  * Next steps: update links and make a reviewable PR
  * Next steps: make changes to other files
* **RCM Paper**
  * âœ… Draft was finalized last week
* Blog Post
  * Theme 5 has said that they can advise and steer.  
* **Survey**
  * Put Giulia in touch with PPIE leads

### What would you like to work on this week?
* PPIE chapter edits (completing the next steps as outlined above)
* Feb PPIE Session notes
  * Summarize and send out
* Get Giulia in touch with PPIE leads
* MOOP Paper - see if I can find the drafted sections, and the stats 

#### Where do you need help?
* Reviewing PRs once they have been submitted
* Scoping the Blog Post
* Updates about CoP paper??

### Notes
* **Blog Post**
  * Where would it go?
    * AIM RSF website -> check with Batool if this is up and running
    * Then explore other options (theme 5 help?)
  * Who works on it?
    * Wait to reach out to anyone until we know where we can put it
    * if they have ideas of where to put it...
  * Step 1: Check with Batool
  * Step 2: Write up notes from sessions first and if an outline emerges/ideas/pitch solidify then roll with that
  * Step 3: Reach out to Theme 5/others 

 * **CoP Paper**
   * Write a paper based on the postcards
   * Frame it as a "community of practice as a method" paper
   * Use the MOOP outline
     * If I can find the fleshed-out pieces of the MOOP then great!
     * Bastian and Steph to lead on writing 

* **PPIE session for March**
  * Finalize note taker for March PPIE session (Batool/Jessie)
  * What other types of events people have attended
  * What they really liked about them
  * How would they like to be "prepared" for attending (both the researchers and also the ppie folk)
  * Keep folk in the main room if possible

## 5 February 2024

### Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)
* **Inclusive Events Chapter / PPIE Chapter**
  * âœ… "Working" Draft was wrapped up end of last week and reviewed by BGT
  * Suggestions to be incorporated this week 
* âœ… **Introductions for EM**
  * Made intros with various PPIE leads, still chasing down a few projects that changed leads   
* ðŸ›‘ **Genius Within form** waiting to hear back from Lucy
* **RCM Paper**
  * Draft to be finalized this week 

### What would you like to work on this week?
* PPIE chapter edits 
* RCM Paper
* Cont. introductions for EM
* Updated PPIE mailing list
* Bob's Business
* Feb PPIE Session

#### Where do you need help?
* More reviewing once I finish going through the suggestions
  *  Once finished with updates, we'll pop a meeting in and go through it together
* Updates from chat with SH/CoP (.....MOOP?)
  * This meeting is happening this week (not last week) so will be pushed to next week 

#### Other Updates and Notes
* March PPIE Meeting planning
  * conference discussions
  * topic/request for sessions, what would you like to learn/hear about in the lead up
  * invites handover? (access to main mailbox?)
    * Ask BA (to get confirmation on which task) - possibly redrafting the invites  
* PPIE-specific town hall will be planned and run in the future to get feedback and input about the conference

### Notes
* there is a benefit to both curating resources (youtube playlist/other resources) **AND** a "live" session/synchronous experience which gives the option to ask questions
* Connect with Emma and see if some ECRs would be interested in the opportunity of getting experience in sci-comm and connecting with members of the public
  * We could make a more targetted call next month once we have some more refined topics to present about (i.e. the topics that folks want to hear about)
* open the door for suggestions and input about what internal sessions Theme 4 can run to support us for the conference
  * Pop note in the Ops meeting notes.  

## 29 January 2024

### Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)
* **Inclusive Events Chapter / PPIE Chapter**
  * "Working" Draft to be reviewed by end of this week
* âœ… **Genius Within form** sent back to Lucy with details filled in and request for more info
* âœ… **Objectives** were submitted

### What would you like to work on this week?
* The Inclusive Events Chapter
* Introductions for EM

#### Where do you need help?
* Sickness Review Meeting
* Brainstorming for the PPIE Community Sessions
  * It would be good to hear from the projects
  * Some of the PPIE leads have changed hands, need to track down who the new leads are
  * BGT meeting SH next Friday

#### Other Updates
* Giulia also wants to meet PPIE leads
  * May have an opportunity to identify topics through the conversations 


## 23 January 2024

### Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)
* **Inclusive Events Chapter / PPIE Chapter**
  * Currently working on pulling out sections that are relevant to members of the public without disabilities and reworking sentences.
  * ETA 2 weeks for working draft
* **Objectives**
  * Needed updating but currently "in workflow task" so cannot be edited on my side 
  * BGT "sent back" the first draft in Cezanne so that they can be edited again!

### What would you like to work on this week?
* Submit the 2024 objectives 
* AIM RSF Team Day
* Genius Within form submission 
* HDRUK Plain Language Workshop
* Inclusive Events/PPIE Chapter detangle

#### Where do you need help?
* Preparing updates for Ops meeting. What is our roadmap for the year?
  * Roadmap is whatever is left in the delivery plan
  * Supporting conference, the survey, the monthly community sessions, chapter, community of practice write-up/paper
  * BGT to lead the shareouts and updates
* Plan for Theme 5 discussion.
  * The question is about how Theme 5 is to present about the Theme 4 work
  * Low engagement about Theme 4's outputs
  * How to make the PPIE activities more visable
* Planning/scope for PPIE Conference town halls.
  * Wait for PMs to get in touch and make plans.
  * Updates to come in the Team Day
* Approval of objectives.
