# Sophia and Bastian Weekly Meeting Notes 

* [21 February 2023](#21-February-2023)
* [14 February 2023](#14-February-2023)
* [7 February 2023](#7-February-2023)
* [31 January 2023](#31-January-2023)
* [25 January 2023](#23-January-2023)
* [18 January 2023](#18-January-2023)
* [10 January 2023](#date-10-January-2023)
* [13 December 2022](#date-13-December-2022)
* [6 December 2022](#date-6-December-2022)


## 21 February 2023

### üìç Check-in 
(Examples: recognitions (recognize colleagues), sparkling moments (recognize community members), shout-outs)

#### Project specific Reflection

* Priorities for March are the conference. 

#### Focus for this week's 1:1

* Needs to find where to offload tasks and take an afternoon 

### üìö Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* BA
* EI
* EZ
* DC + AIM RSF Chairing the Open Invitation Seminar

#### Who helped you this week?

* BGT 
* KW with a steer on priorities for March
* MS + AS 

#### What did you achieve?

* Many things ;) 
* Had a better week than all the weeks previously at monotasking and got a lot done because of it

#### What did you struggle with?

* Very overwhelmed.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Website
* Scriberia
* AI workshop
* AI MULTIPLY PPIE planning
* Prep Glossary for AI UK 
* PPIE Community Session
* MELD-B paper 
* Conference planning



## 14 February 2023 

### üìç Check-in 

Work is nearing an untennable load right now and I'm really struggling. 

#### Project specific Reflection

* **Conference Planning** 
	* DC working hard to move location forward 
	* People resource will be very difficult (EZ + SB been charged to scope out) 
	* Remote offering still uncertain 
* **PPIE** 
	* Building out resources, need to combine and synthesize into a single document  
	* Need to plan next month's session 
	* Following up with the CoP this week
	* Meeting bwtn DC - BGT - Kw - LC - SB to identify and prioritize tasks has been postponed. 
	* Have been asked for feedback on papers to be submitted. 
* **AIM RSF Project Management** 
	*  Working on it üèÉ
* **AIM Website**
	* Need to finish templating out the wireframes 
	* Unappreciative of the pressure that is being laid on thick right now, need breathing room and for folks to appropriately plan + scope requests. 
* **Science Comm** 
	* Scriberia first logo draft has been sent out. 
	* Plain Language Summaries 
		* Made an [issue](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/9/views/5?pane=issue&itemId=20109721) to track it 
		* EI is putting a lot of pressure on  	
* **AutSPACEs** 
	* Deprioritized for right now 
* **PPIE AI Workshops**
	* Need to plan 
	* Need to find budget 
	* Need to find speaker 

#### Focus for this week's 1:1

* Objectives 
* Workload


## 7 February 2022 

### üìç Check-in 
DC has been a superüåü this week. Really holding down the fort and managing the team super well. 

#### Project specific Reflection

* **Conference Planning** 
	* Had meeting for sessions, leadership is getting input from PI's tomorrow
	* Need to follow up with PI's and PM's about if PPIE folk will be attending an "all hands" project meeting. 
* **PPIE** 
	* Monthly community session last week
		* Format was better
		* Need to send out Agenda further ahead of time 
		* Need more space for discussion 
	* Need to plan next month's session 
	* Need to follow up with the CoP for sessions
	* Need to schedule meeting bwtn DC - BGT - Kw - LC - SB to identify and prioritize tasks 
		* Then can finish the budget 
* **DSG** 
	* Working group has been set up 
	* Need to find datasets that we'll have access to
	* Push back for having PPIE involvement (but there is wiggle room if we find datasets that answer the questions)
* **AIM RSF Project Management** 
	*  Developing a RACI matrix for staying on top of DRIs/who's doing what 
	*  Need to document the GitHub and Website workflow (IT - Comms and Engagement) for BA
	*  Indicators meeting was this week. Work is coming through the pipeline. 
* **AIM Website**
	* Need to finish templating out the wireframes 
* **Science Comm** 
	* Meeting wth Scriberia scheduled for friday.
		* Need to update project brief with additional questions
	* Plain Language Summaries 
		* Need to finish writing 3 consortia's sumamries based on feedback.  	
* **AutSPACEs** 
	* Community session last week 
	* Lower attendance, need to address channels of engagement (were people busy? how did they hear about it?) 
	* Attending Monday co-working for a bit 
	* Need to add to list of UI snags 
	* Won't be able to contribute to design work deeply outside of scheduled times
* **PPIE AI Workshops**
	* Need to plan 
	* Need to find budget 
	* Need to find speaker 


#### Focus for this week's 1:1
* Ideas for March's PPIE session. 
* Get AutSPACEs up and running on my local machine


### üìö Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* BGT, CM, + HD with knowledge transfer 
* Skills at Turing team with GitHub workshop 
* MS with planning out and organizing a meeting that was rescheduled
* EZ with some cover as she was out ill
* BA with PM work and documentation
* BA with Code of Conduct for AIM RSF
* DC on PPIE budget
* AI-MULTIPLY on some PPIE scoping work 
* TPS team (updated doc templates that were out of date) 
* EI with finding various documents and getting info

#### Who helped you this week?

* DC with unblocking some work and scoping out project
* DC with good project leadership
* LC with activities ideas
* KW with great "lead by example" in meetings
* BGT with a super cool Open Humans presentation
* DS with getting info about Turing bios 

#### What did you achieve?

* ‚úÖ AIM RSF PPIE January Newsletter
* ‚úÖ Neurodiversity training 
* ‚úÖ First draft of PPIE budget
* ‚úÖ Identified knowledge gaps for PPIE priorities and followed up
* ‚úÖ Added list of PPIE questions to DSG documentation
* ‚úÖ Synced up with EG about DSGs 
* ‚úÖ Meeting with Skills at Turing team to talk about GitHub for project management
* ‚úÖ Had intro call with AI-MULTIPLY PPIE
	* ‚û°Ô∏è Need to schedule follow ups. 
* ‚úÖ Meeting with IJPDLN journal editor to talk about PPIE and authorship
	* ‚û°Ô∏è Need to finihs notes write up 
	* ‚û°Ô∏è Need to sync with Kirstie re her Friday convo about authorship 
* ‚úÖ PPIE Community session 
	* ‚úÖ Deliver 
	* ‚û°Ô∏è Notes 
* ‚úÖ Support AIM-MIXED in continuing to iterate on their plain language summary
* ‚úÖ TTW Collab Cafe 
	* ‚û°Ô∏è Work on AI UK workshop (the other one) 
* ‚úÖ AutSPACEs Community Meet Up 
	* ‚úÖ Deliver
* ‚úÖ Gave feedback about the PPIE Theory of Change deliverables
	* ‚û°Ô∏è CCM will need input on document by EOW. 
* ‚úÖ Documented GitHub Pages knowledge for BA 
* üõë AIM Website
	* ‚úÖ Worked on the template wireframes  
	* üõë Set up example of webpages wireframes for AIM RSF comms Group 
	* üõë Set up CI/CD pipeline 
	* üõë Finish documentation


#### What did you struggle with?

* Getting very overburdened with time intensive tasks at the moment which is causing me to make small mistakes (happened a lot on Thursday last week), and leading to a bit of burn out by the end of the week. 
* Struggling with workload and being pulled in multiple directions. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* **Admin**
	* Bio for BA 
	* Turing GDPR Training (Bob's Business) 
	* Objectives 
	* Emails
	* Finish notes write up and get onto GitHub 
	* Prep for Ops meeting 

* **DSG**
	* DSG data search ([link](https://digital.nhs.uk/data-and-information/data-collections-and-data-sets/data-sets), [link](https://www.data.gov.uk/), [link](https://nhsrcommunity.com/category/datasets/), [link](https://www.nhs.uk/about-us/nhs-website-datasets/). 
	* Reach out to consortia folk about datasets.

* **Plain English Summaries** 
	* Finish AI-MULITPLY and send for feedback
	* Finish OPTIMAL's and send for feedback

* **PPIE Community**
	* Prepare presentation for CoP meeting 
	* Prepare notes for CoP meeting
	* PPIE AI workshop planning 
	* PPIE resource collation 

* **PPIE work**
	* Prep for remote offerings meeting (conference) 
	* CCM PPIE indicators feedback 
	* Meet with AI-MULTIPLY PPIE team 
	* Follow up with PI's and PM's about if PPIE folk will be attending an "all hands" project meeting. 
	* Schedule meeting bwtn DC - BGT - Kw - LC - SB to identify and prioritize tasks

* **AutSPACEs**
	* Chat with LC about SAIL data managament + consumer panel 

* **Other Urgent + Important Tasks**
	* Goathearding 
	* Follow up with KW about authorship convo 
	* Chat with JD about data management pipelines 



## 31 January 2023

### üìç Check-in 
Fab AutSPACEs coworking sessions üéâ

#### Project specific Reflection

* **Conference Planning** 
	* Sessions scheduled for next week.
* **PPIE Meeting** 
	* Monthly community session 12-1 Wednesday. Still figuring out the agenda as I've got a call tomorrow and getting clarity around the DSGs is proving difficult. 
* **DSG** 
	* Call for input from consortia went out last week, trying to figure out in the team who is supporting what. 
* **AIM RSF Project Management** 
	*  Supporting BA getting up to speed 
	*  Developing a RACI matrix for staying on top of DRIs/who's doing what 
* **AIM Website**
	* Got template site up and running and now need to start populating it with content 
* **Scriberia** 
	* Meeting scheduled for next friday.
* **AutSPACEs** 
	* Caught back up to speed on the design work.
	* Need to scope out next steps and what can be user tested. 
	* Identifying nitty gritty details to suport site for user testing.  
	* No paper co-working session this week. 
	* Community Meet up this week. GA handling outreach and calendar invites.

#### Focus for this week's 1:1
* Just a check in this week - 30min for short meeting due to workshop we're both attending. May keep it just to updates & download about autspaces this week. 

### üìö Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* DC with conference figuring out 
* DC + LC with PPIE budget draft
* BA with RACI matrix 
* BA with other onboarding and knowledge transfer 
* AIM-MIXED with support developing the Plain Language summary

#### Who helped you this week?

* The fab coworking session on Friday 
* CM + HD today going through some django quirks with me

#### What did you achieve?

* üõë 2023 Objectives
* üõë AutSPACEs Design or Development work 
* ‚úÖ AIM Website
	* ‚û°Ô∏è Set up example of webpages wireframes for AIM RSF comms Group 
	* ‚úÖ Get first draft of Hugo site up and running
* ‚û°Ô∏è AutSPACEs Community Meet Up 
	* ‚úÖ Plan 
	* ‚û°Ô∏è Deliver
	* ‚û°Ô∏è Notes 
* ‚û°Ô∏è PPIE Community session 
	* ‚úÖ Plan 
	* ‚û°Ô∏è Deliver 
	* ‚û°Ô∏è Notes 
* ‚úÖ Create Events Planing documentation and add to repo 
* ‚úÖ AutSPACEs repo refresh 
* üõë AutSPACEs design plan 
* ‚úÖ RSF Ops Meeting 
* ‚úÖ Plain English Summaries sent to consortia (and hopefully approved) 
* ‚û°Ô∏è Neurodiversity training 
* ‚úÖ Conference planning group meeting 
* ‚úÖ AIUK workshop draft 
* ‚úÖ Updated the AIM RSF Code of Conduct from feedback

#### What did you struggle with?

* It's getting very muddly who is in charge of what with various work packages at the moment and it can undermine the progress of someone's work. 
* Was very unwell mid week which made pushing through work a bit hard but rode out till the end of the week and was a-okay by friday/saturday.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* AIM RSF PPIE January Newsletter
* Neurodiversity training 
* Support AIM MULTIPLY PPIE meeting and plans 
* Meeting with IJPDLN journal editor to talk about PPIE and authorship
* Meeting with Skills at Turing team to talk about GitHub for project management
* PPIE Community session 
	* Deliver 
	* Notes 
* Support AIM-MIXED in continuing to iterate on their plain language summary
* AIM Website
	* Set up example of webpages wireframes for AIM RSF comms Group 
	* Set up CI/CD pipeline 
	* Finish documentation
* TTW Collab Cafe 
	* Work on AI UK workshop (the other one) 
* AutSPACEs Community Meet Up 
	* Deliver
	* Notes 
* Get feedback on AIUK workshop plan 
* Prep for PPIE Theory of Change deliverables meeting

#### Where do you need help?

* Identifying clear goals and work packages. 



## 23 January 2023

### üìç Check-in 
(Examples: recognitions (recognize colleagues), sparkling moments (recognize community members), shout-outs)

#### Project specific Reflection

* **Conference Planning** 
	* First working group meeting yesterday to finalize the schedule. It went fab ‚ú®. Next meeting to decide content tbd but know that some folks are not going to get what they hope to out of the conference (from a ppie perspective) 
* **PPIE CoP Meeting** 
	* The group is leaning towards a true community of practice approach and I've said that I'm happy to support and contribute where I can. Really cool to be a part of it from the get go.  
* **Sciberia** 
	* Some delays but the contract is sitting with DC üéâ 
* **Resource Hub -> Community Space**
	* Online meeting in Feb to decide what this might look like and to understand how we stay in touch.  
* **AutSPACEs** 
	* Other than reaching out to community groups, did not pick up on the design work. 
	* Moved the regular 4pm Monday meeting so I can attend the paper coworking sessions. 

#### Focus for this week's 1:1
* Asking better questions 
	* I think I ask too "open ended" questions when in a group setting and get answered with ü¶ó. Are there better ways to frame open ended discussion questions? 
* AutSPACEs Meet Up Planning

### üìö Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* EZ with a blog post for the enrichment students 
* CoP with meeting plans and suggestions 
* EZ with leading Collab Cafe 
* MELD-b with GitHub onboarding 
* LC + CO with M365 debugging

#### Who helped you this week?

* Jessie (Turing's public engagement officer) with some fab resources on talking to the public about AI
* KW with great meeting chairing 
* LC with a good steer about PPIE 

#### What did you achieve?

* ‚úÖ Added PPIE requests to the conference suggestions 
* ‚úÖ Finalized the Scriberia contract 
* ‚úÖ OLS Graduation Presentation: 18 Jan 2023 
* ‚úÖ TPS Com-M goathearding
* ‚úÖ Back on top of email inbox üéâ
* ‚úÖ Led MELD-b through a Intro to GitHub workshop 
* ‚úÖ Added their terms to the Glossary
* ‚úÖ Develop first draft of Plain English Summaries for MELD-b and DECODE - sent off to PIs, PMs, and PPIE Leads 
* ‚úÖ Drafted Public Enagagement Policy Docs and found the Public Engagement workshop docs that Turing ran last year.
* ‚úÖ Onboarded and Update GitHub Project boards (with Batool) 
* ‚úÖ Reached out to 5 community groups in the London area and have scheduled in their meeting times 
* ‚úÖ Chatted to Callum about AutSPACEs design plans 
* üõë 2023 Objectives
* üõë AutSPACEs Design or Development work 

#### What did you struggle with?

* Feeling the effects of being ill last week so have been at 40% capacity. Still just trying to chug along üöÇ

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* AIM Website
	* Set up example of webpages wireframes for AIM RSF comms Group 
	* Get first draft of Hugo sit up and running
* AutSPACEs Community Meet Up 
	* Plan 
	* Deliver
	* Notes 
* PPIE Community session 
	* Plan 
	* Deliver 
	* Notes 
* Create Events Planing documentation and add to repo 
* AutSPACEs repo refresh 
* AutSPACEs design plan 
* RSF Ops Meeting 
* Plain English Summaries sent to consortia (and hopefully approved) 
* Neurodiversity training 
* Conference planning group meeting 
* AIUK workshop draft 

#### Where do you need help?

* Getting the Hugo site up and running for AIM
* Planning out the next AUtSPACEs meet up. 

#### Any other topics

* Feeling absolutely exhausted at the moment. Not sure if I should take a day to fully rest, or if it was just a bad virus so will just need to go slow and allow by body to recover. 

## 18 January 2023

### üìç Check-in 
(Examples: recognitions (recognize colleagues), sparkling moments (recognize community members), shout-outs)

#### Project specific Reflection

* New starters started and it's off to a roaring start getting them onboarding and integrated into the project. 

#### Focus for this week's 1:1
* Goals and workload for 2023 
	* Cezanne Objective Setting
	* Can we go through the drafts I've done and review the workload? 

### üìö Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* BA and EI onboarding them into the project 
* DC and team with taking and distributing notes during the major meetings 
* DC with tech check and set up last week
* EZ with finishing off OLS work 

#### Who helped you this week?

* 

#### What did you achieve?

* Onboard BA
* Onboard EI
* Led Comms group through webpage and scriberia planning 
* Finalized workplan for Scriberia
* Chaired AutSPACEs community Session 
* Chaired PPIE Community Session
* RSF Ops Meeting 
* Met with CoP PPIE lead and planned out planned PPIE schedule until June 
* First draft of mailing list and newsletter plan 
* Dived back into work 

#### What did you struggle with?

* Have been pulled in lots of directions and lots is on my plate which has made it difficult to "ramp back" into work and feels more like diving in the deep end. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Admin
	* OLS Graduation Presentation: 18 Jan 2023 
	* TPS Com-M goathearding
	* Reply to emails 
* AIM RSF PPIE 
	* Intro to GitHub workshop 
	* Combine Glossary of Terms 
	* Develop first draft of Plain English Summaries for the projects - check with PIs, PMs, and PPIE Leads 
	* Draft Public Enagagement Policy Docs 
* AIM RSF
	* Onboard and Update GitHub Project boards (with Batool) 
	* Set up example of webpages wireframes for AIM RSF comms Group 
	* Finalize Scriberia contract 
* AutSPACEs 
	* Meet with SF about AutSPACEs design work 
	* Reach out to 5 community groups 
	* Review the platform designs 
	* Map out plan for designing and testing the remaining pages  

#### Where do you need help?

* Where can we reduce the admin workload with AutSPACEs for the next 2 weeks? 




## Date: 10 January 2023

### üìç Check-in 
HAPPY NEW YEAR! 

#### Project specific Reflection

* Full Team is getting formed as we head into 2023 which is super exciting
	* PM is starting soon!! 
	* New "RAM" working with Theme 6
* So many things to juggle as we ramp back into work  

#### Focus for this week's 1:1
* Updates on work tasks heading into the year
* Sync up on AutSPACEs meet up planning

### üìö Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* EZ with general support stuff

#### Who helped you this week?

* New year's good vibes 

#### What did you achieve?

* Climbed many mountains 

#### What did you struggle with?

* Jet lag ‚úàÔ∏è
* So many things to do - so little daylight hours 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Prioritization and planning for the next 3mo 
* Task Organization 
* Zero Email Inbox (by the end of the week) 

#### Where do you need help?

* Scoping out user testing task 
* Planning out tasks 

#### Any other topics

- There's an unknown about how to convert PPIE's Key Evaluation Questions into something that is measureable 
	- It may be best to focus on **Qualitative data (not indicators)** as they may be more suited to address AIM RSF's goals
	- i.e. talking to researchers and memebrs of the public and asking the q's 
		- e.g. how did the participation change the research? 


## Date: 13 December 2022

### üìç Check-in 

#### Project specific Reflection

* **Conference**
	* Details are being fleshed out but there is a lot that is currently unclear. 
	* I'm cocerned about resources and what my remit will be in the New Year. 
* **PPIE plans in 2023**
	* Have finalized some of the dates and topics for sessions. Conversations with groups that we're aiming to collaborate with are ongoing.
* **Theory of Change**
	* Difficult decisions are difficult. We knew that this is a hard space to be working in and the goal posts have not been clearly defined. 
	* There may be a shift in remit, however it is unclear what that will be going forward. 
  

#### Focus for this week's 1:1
* How to frame requests for input when details haven't been set in stone. 
	* When is the right time to ask for input? Possibly too soon.  
* What would a resource hub look like that maximizes usability. 
	* Different people like to find resources in different formats. 
	* Wikis
		* Non-prescriptive formatting: can host many different types of information (link of links, long text)  
		* You can use it without having to learn a specialist skill (ie. not GitHub) 
	* How do you search for information 
	* What types of resources will the resource hub contain?  
	* How collaborative is the content? Will there be a discussion area on each page to discuss the content on that page, or a generalized discussion area? 

### üìö Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped DC with markdown formatting of meeting notes. 
* Added PPIE updates to the NIHR report (LC on leave).
* Helped tps-community-managers with review tasks 
* Helped MF with getting M365 set up.
* TTW 3month updates meeting.

#### Who helped you this week?

* LC with a united front during the PPIE Theory of Change meeting

#### What did you achieve?

* ‚úÖ Reviewed the Data Wrangler's PR for the Glossary and other documents 
* ‚úÖ Helped tech onboard MF + others into M365 space (and updated the documentation)
* ‚úÖ Organized Jan's ops meeting 
* ‚úÖ Onboarding docs for new RSF starter
* ‚úÖ Gave feedback on RSF ethcis submission 
* ‚úÖ Led PPIE lunchtime session 
* ‚úÖ Drafted OLS 6 graduation presentation 
* ‚úÖ Presented to OPTIMAL PAG: Slides [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1u1xMepYgrV15LhIkzCWS7YZGflQyg5SwqBZCuwOyBVQ/edit?usp=sharing)
* ‚úÖ Updated Glossary of Terms: https://aim-rsf.github.io/Glossary-of-Terms 
* ‚úÖ Added to RSF GitHub Pages documentation 
* ‚úÖ Added PPIE updates to NIHR report
* ‚úÖ Finished PPIE Plans for Q1 and drafted end of year updates email 
* ‚úÖ Followd up with NIHR about CoC ‚ö†Ô∏è will chase again on 14th if no response. 
* ‚úÖ Met to develop the PPIE Theory of Change framework, discussions to continue in the new year. 
* ‚úÖ Started mapping social communities for AutSPACEs ‚û°Ô∏è to reach out and network in the new year
	* Spreedsheet format for the information capture is ideal.
	* To convert to .csv and put on GitHub once it's in a state ready to be handed off.  
* ‚úÖ Met with SH and scoped out PPIE sessions for new year 
* ‚úÖ Met with Scriberia artist and provided an updated Design Brief ‚û°Ô∏è ETA  mid Jan 2023
* üõë Eventsforce training (got rescheduled again - will need to watch recording in teh new year as session is scheduled when I'm on leave) 

#### What did you struggle with?

* The to-do list was not getting any smaller which is frustrating. 
* Had a lot of small items crop up across the week that ate away a lot of time. 
* Consortia are wanting details of events that haven't been finalized and I feel stuck at times. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Prep for tomorrow's events and comms group meeting
	* Develop checklist for/of decisions that need to be made about the conf  
* Capture RS's questions and ensure that the documentation processes are clear 
* Send out PPIE updates email 
* Finish feedback and data management plan for Optimal's PPIE study 
* Develop processes for feedback on 
  * 1. Glossary of Terms (aka. async user testing)
  * 2. Data Study Group Q's 
  * 3. Conference sessions

#### Where do you need help?

* In the new year, helping to find alignment on work remit
* Plans for MLTC platform

#### Any other topics

* Finalize the date for the AutSPACEs January Meet Up.
* Who has the decision power for the conf?
* What decisions need to be made re. the conf?
	* Inclusive/accessibility 
	* Meaningful engagement for remote participants 
	* Location, support for those who have caring responsibilities 
	* Catering 
	* Branding/Visuals
* Mailing list for the PPIE Community of Practice (GDPR compliant) 
	* Will need this list to invite the larger PPIE co-host session. 


## Date: 6 December 2022

### üìç Check-in 
It's a high meeting week at the moment as folks are pushing to get work completed before the holidays. 

#### Project specific Reflection

* NIHR Report 
  * it's reporting season and DC is doing a mountain of work pulling together everything that we've been up to. I've been helping to fill in the sections on PPIE. The aim is to have a full draft by the end of this week that can then be iterated on throughout next week. 
* Theory of Change 
  * MF + CCM need input into PPIE reporting frameworks for the Theory of Change. It's a huge chunk of work that will determine how we're measured for the next 2 years. 
* PPIE Plans
  * We have one last PPIE meeting for the year, and then we need to make plans for what happens in Q1 and finalise details on what groups can co-host and when.  
* RSF GitHub Pages 
  * I've been needing to do a lot more reading than anticipated to plan out and match the hugo templates to the site that the RSF have planned. 

#### Focus for this week's 1:1
* What process would you usually follow to plan and write a paper?

### üìö Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* DC & AMM with chairing the seminar session

#### Who helped you this week?

* OLS-6 mentor with brainstorming engagement for PPIE
* DC with changing meetings to asyc so I could get work done 
* RS with brainstorming hugo frameworks and helping me collect my thoughts

#### What did you achieve?

* ‚úÖ Finished Design Brief and emailed AB
* ‚úÖ Met with RS about Hugo frameworks and found one that will meet our criteria 
* ‚úÖ DEI Training
* ‚úÖ Chaired RSF Seminar 
* ‚úÖ RSF Ops Meeting
* ‚úÖ Finished setting up RSF M365 group 
* ‚úÖ Presented at SSI Fellows Update


#### What did you struggle with?

* Intense brainfog and things are taking longer than I would have liked to get done

#### What would you like to work on this week?

* Eventsforce training
* Finish PPIE Plans for Q1
* Finish events procedure documentation
* Follow up with NIHR about CoC
* NIHR Report (w DC)
* PPIE Theory of Change impact framework 
* Reach out to online communities to understand and scope autspaces meet ups starting back up in the new year. 

#### Any other topics

* I want to scope out the paper contributions so that I don't dive in and spend time doing work that is not helpful. 
* [AIM RSF People doc](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/nihr-aim-rsf/blob/main/PEOPLE.md) for understanding the acronyms, Whitaker Lab slack for others. 
