# Sophia and Emma 1 to 1 weekly meetings

* [10 May 2022](#date-10-May-2022)
* [17 May 2022](#date-17-May-2022)
* [24 May 2022](#date-24-May-2022)
* [7 June 2022](#date-7-June-2022)


## Date: 7 June 2022

### Check-in ritual
(Examples: recognitions (recognize colleagues), sparkling moments (recognize community members), shout-outs)
Been a busy week, but I'm super ‚ú® about the work that's got done and the direction things are heading. DC is an absolute rockstar and I'm really excited to meet our new team members!

### Project specific Reflection

Feeling a bit stuck in places due to not having a clear picture of what‚Äôs going on inside the consortia. 
We need to get an information processing piece in place, and after that‚Äôs confirmed then I might be able to start reaching out to folk and having coffee chats to get an idea of what‚Äôs going on. 
So I‚Äôm feeling a bit stuck unable to identify the known unknowns, and daunted but unknown unknowns.
* EK - get yourself invited to project meetings so that you can be that lurker - listen for people of interest and also tasks you can intervene. 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

* Approaching AutSPACEs workblocks
	* EK - planning of what task need doing, time they will take and deadlines for doing each - work out with GA. Also think about blocking some time to do this work.   
* Community Managers meeting plan
	*  EK - all great!

#### Who did you help this week?

* DC with drafting the knowledge management doc 
* AS & TTW folk with input into a conference proposal 

#### Who helped you this week?

* AL with some supportive brainstorming about github repos
* DC reviewing my PRs
* VH with reviewing a PR 
* DC giving input into the onboarding back
* AS & JD with some great coworking and conversation
* LC with some insight into the glossary task - We‚Äôve scoped it and passed in on to me so I‚Äôm now the task Owner. 

#### What did you achieve?

* Finished pulling together the onboarding docs for our new starters.
* Set up GitHub Org, created first repo, and invited all across from the old repo.
* Drafted and got feedback (DC, EB, & EK) on the Knowledge Management doc
* Submitted a monster PR and got the first months' work merged into main. 
* Drafted submission for CarpentriesCon. 
	* EK - making great progress. 

#### What did you struggle with?

* Wow! The 3 day week really shortened how much work I could get done.

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Draft of ethics proposal finished (goal: sent for review by Friday 10 in prep for meeting CB scheduled for Monday 13) 
* Onboarding and supporting EZ and MM. 
* Community Manager Team meeting (Deadline Thursday 9 June). 
* CarpentriesCon proposal (Deadline Friday June 10th) 
* HR 1-3 week probation statements (Deadline ASAP)
* Stretch Goal: 
	* Scoping out a way to get in touch with PPIE folk and get insight into the research projects. 

#### Where do you need help?

* Brainstorming/Sense checking on presentation plan for Community Managers meeting.
* Soundboarding on work needed for AutSPACEs and what I can start saying yes to.

#### Any other topics
* EK - Probation statements - on the list to do please.

## Date: 24 May 2022

### Check-in ritual
Have been feeling very appreciated by the team lately. Good vibes all around.
* EK - I am getting great feedback on how you are doing so a big well done!

### Project specific Reflection

Got a lot of clarity around work remit, project scope, and work tasks in the past week which is great! The citizen science platform is a big part of work that is a priority for the project. It will require focus groups first and appropriate scoping, but it is a big piece that we‚Äôre moving forward with. There‚Äôs a lot of work coming down the pipeline now and I have a better understanding of how to prioritise tasks aligned with the bigger picture. 
* EK - this is great for getting clarity on tasks.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

* Run through updates, larger discussion on the ["help" task](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/open-community-building/edit/main/project-management/1-1-meetings/Sophia-Batchelor/weekly-meetings.md#where-do-you-need-help)
	* Am unsure how to balance "I can support or take on a task" with the worry that I'm taking work off people. I feel like I can keep myself busy but also have tasks flagged as key that I don't know how to/if I should take over. 
	* EK - I have met with DC and MS about producing a minimum set of task for you and then some 'what would be nice' add ons. DC should get this to us this week. 

#### Who did you help this week?

* EG with running the ECR session
* DC with some github workflows
* GA & AutSPACEs team with some strategy work
* AutSPACEs community with some work tasks and creating presentations
* GA with some conference talk planning 
* DC & EB with some Zoom meeting management 
* üë´ with some life balancing 

* EK - great work! üôå

#### Who helped you this week?

* GA with getting a draft presentation outlined 
* CB with some ethics resources 
* BGT with some steering about work when he joins 
* DC with awesome support 
* EK with some github file management suggestions

* EK - keep reaching out for help as collaboration is our thing üòâ

#### What did you achieve?

* ‚úÖ Hosted the ECR lunchtime session (and have added notes to GitHub, see PR here)
* ‚úÖ Chatted with Chris Burr and began outlining ethics submission for focus group
* ‚úÖ Had awesome AutSPACEs strategy meeting 
* ‚úÖüéâ Met with Lynsey Cross about PPIE work scope and priorities (and got awesome clarity about priorities!)
* ‚úÖ Started scoping out GitHub options in preparation for meeting
* ‚úÖ Planned and drafted presentation for Austistica festival (Due: 30 May)

* EK - wonderful work Sophia ü§©

#### What did you struggle with?

* ‚ö°‚ÄºÔ∏èüí• 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Finish presentation for Autistica Festival
* Record presentation for Autistica Festival 
* 60% first draft of ethics form for TREx
* GitHub meeting (outcomes & decision factors documented)
* Meet with PPIE & Legacy leads (Lynsey Cross and Mon Fletcher) to sync up about work being done
* Reach out to NIHR PPIE folk (People in Research) via email to open a line of dialogue 
* Plan for small presentation week of the 6th about work plan and task scope

#### Where do you need help?

* Soundboarding & sense check on work environments/remit. Aka. Should I start chipping away at the Citizen Science in a box work and shift the other tasks?
	* EK - we chatted about this and DC will provide a list of task for you to focus on - hopefully this will give you a clear stir of where to invest your time. 	

#### Any other topics



## Date: 17 May 2022

### Check-in ritual

DC (and EB with all the set up!!) has been an absolute star. I've been seeing the amount of invisible work that he does and it's brill ‚ö°

### Project specific Reflection

* Have found (almost) all the docs! It was a massive unblocking to get access to things and read through them to understand the project and how I'm meant to fit in. 
* Am still finding my feet understanding what my role is within the bigger picture - but I know this will become clear with time (and once I've met with LC) 
	* EK - Good progress getting access to all docs. üåü

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

* EG, DC, and others by stepping up to run the ECR lunchtime session this week. 
* GA with some strategy scoping on AutSPACEs.
* üë´ when they became unwell. 
* üêê duties and lab checkins. 

* EK - great work. 

#### Who helped you this week?

* VH with understanding the community manager role and how they navigated it. 
* EG with understanding more about the goals of the ECR engagement. 
* JD with a remote call (was going to be in person) understanding their work and brainstormed ideas. 
* DC with some great support, giving feedback, and working hard to get me up to speed. 

* EK - keep asking for help where you need it. Wonderful that you have DC and EG for support. 

#### What did you achieve?
> these are easy wins as they're 'learning' and 'get to know folk' focused. 

**Big Win:** üåü I made a flyer (that I was quite proud of) and drafted up information about the ECR lunch session to be sent out. 
* EK - the flyer looks fab. 

Community Management:
* ‚úÖ Have got access to the GitHub Repo and Sharepoint and am familair with the contents
* ‚úÖ found an area of the NIHR AIM site which has docs on PPIE here
* ‚úÖ Gained better understanding of the challenges some groups are facing in terms of data access and sharing of methods.
* ‚úÖ Attended first RSF seminar 
* ‚úÖ Attended first RSF Ops meeting (and made a few suggestions)
* ‚úÖ Reached out to events team to understand what their role is and how my role and theirs can work together 
* ‚úÖ Read through Sharepoint files and got up to speed some more

PPIE/Focus Groups:
* ‚úÖ Read through the TREx forms and have started scoping what sort of questions the focus groups are needed for. 
* ‚úÖ Had meeting wih Georgia to learn about how AutSPACEs approached focus groups. 

General Learning:
* ‚úÖ Attended seminar from MSF Scientific Days International on community involvement in their organisation's projects.

#### What did you struggle with?

* I felt blocked on tasks and weren't able to remove the blockers myself. 
* Feeling guilty for not doing more work for the SSI speed blogging group. 

#### What would you like to work on this week?

Urgent & Important: 
1. Prepping for and running the ECR lunchtime session (3hrs)
2. Preparing materials for the brainstorm meeting on migrating docs to GitHub (5 hours, open ended)

Urgent: 
3. AutSPACEs conference talk (8-10 hours - of this week). Deadline May 30th to have it filmed and submitted. 

Important:
4. Draft of TREx Ethics Submission (3 work days)
	
* EK - Looking great - but let's talk more about task prioritising next week.  

#### Where do you need help?

* Understanding more about how different groups use GitHub (emphasis on understanding the logic, the approach, and the organizational structure)
	* EK - I gave a tour of the Decovid repository and we talked about how it is used and approach taken in that project. 

#### Any other topics

* Are there any books, blogs, or short coffee readings about community management, health data etc that you would reccomend. 
	* EK - I will have a think about this more but of the top of my head - I like [CSCCE blogs and resources](https://www.cscce.org/resources/online-communities-and-communication-tools/)


## Date: 10 May 2022

### Check-in ritual
* AB was a massive help double checking some admin & reimbursement forms I was unsure about AND had a great coffee last week getting me up to speed
* EG was super awesome getting me up to speed with the RSF
* Awesome onboarding session with MS, DC, & EB
* Super grateful for folks from the Public Policy team who took me to lunch on Friday
	* EK - great that you have connected with so many people already. üåü

### Project specific Reflection

* Current tasks are about getting up to speed with where things are at with the RSF, and what sort of work do I need to muck in on short term. 
  * There seems to be a good opportunity to lead with some Turing Way workflows in how notes and the like are stored & shared. Will need to have a few scoping conversations to figure out what the best way forward will be. 
  	* EK - let's chat about DECOVID repo when you start working no your repository. 	
	* This presents a small challenge as putting a line in the sand and forcing everything into markdown and github may not meet the community where they are and so deep thinking is needed. 
* Worked to integrate reviewer feedback for a conference submission on AutSPACEs with GA. Am exploring/figuring out what the split between AutSPACEs and AIM will be.
	* EK - This is great!  

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

* Feeling like I'm not necessarily doing "tasks" at the moment. Am just unsure of if I should be working harder and mucking in more: and am finding the balance difficult between the phd mindset vs working life mindset where it's okay to not solve all the world's problems in a day. 
	* EK - start a few of the tasks from your list sent last friday such as community mapping and glossary - drawing info together that you have and then asking for input.   

#### Who did you help this week?

* GA with integrating reviewer feedback
* DC & EB with brainstorming some operational steps for AIM that support an open workflow
	* EK - great work! 

#### Who helped you this week?

* Everyone!
	* Onboarding: MS (with the awesome checklist), EK, EB & DC, EG, AB
	* Feeling welcome: everyone as listed above and also JD, AC, VH, + Turing office folk 

#### What did you achieve?

* Connected with RSF collaborators CN and MF via email 
* Set up coffee call with CN (collaborator) (DC suggested we get in touch) 
* Worked on a revision request for a conference workshop for AutSPACEs
* Connected with DC around RSF strategy and working openly
* Finished reading through RSF github repo
* Finished HR onboarding & Cyber Security training
* Started working on reimbursement forms 
* Onboarded into cm-team with MS
* Met with 4 of Turing's leads on the AIM RSF and synthesized an overview of the project & my role
	* ‚ö†Ô∏è would appreciate guidance on where the from the email notes can be stored
* Collated preliminary scope of my responsibilities 

#### What did you struggle with?

* Covid delays have made it difficult to meet with specific PPIE folk
	* EK - Just keep asking when you can connect.  
* General feelings of "should I be doing something more useful with my time" 
	* EK - you have already done so much! Keep going to meetings, listening and meeting more people - this is the unseen work of community managers. 
* Also need to keep an eye on how I'm structuring my days as I'm starting early and finishing late and have been excited and caught up in tasks so haven't taken clever breaks. It was the first week though, so it's a self-check more than anything else. 
	* EK - Something to keep an eye on - you will find a good routine once you are fully settled in. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- [ ] Continue reading through the resources shared by Dave and Elizabeth, & what is on the GitHub repo. 
- [ ] Organise a meeting with LC and other PPIE folk to understand the PPIE work that is being done.
- [ ] Attend all AIM RSF meetings and get a deeper understanding of how my work fits in 
- [ ] Bubble away at ethics approval, glossary, community mapping and open workflow. 

#### Where do you need help?

* Brainstorming where to start on 'creating an open workflow that embodies TPS principles into AIM RSF'. Don't need an instant solution, more so an experienced sounding board to help formalize ideas and think up the right questions to ask. 

#### Any other topics

* You've mentioned that you maintain a repo that is mainly used by you (and not collaborators). Can I ask why others don't use it? (I'm trying to scope out how open consortia folks will be to github workflows).

--- 

## TEMPLATE: Date: YYYY-MM-DD <-- Please update

### Check-in ritual
(Examples: recognitions (recognize colleagues), sparkling moments (recognize community members), shout-outs)

### Project specific Reflection

*Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on. *
(Since last week, review the progress you‚Äôve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention? Review if we can attract any attention or help highlight your work.)

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

*You can move points from your reflections to the following sections as needed.*

#### Who did you help this week?

Replace this text with a one/two-sentence description of who you helped this week and how.

#### Who helped you this week?

Replace this text with a one/two-sentence description of who helped you this week and how.

#### What did you achieve?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you achieved this week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you would like to work on next week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Where do you need help?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you need help on.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Any other topics

- This space is yours to add to as needed.
- Is there any particular reading/topic/task we want to explore and bring to our next meetings?
