# Achintya and Malvika: 1-on-1 catch-up minutes


<details>
<summary><strong>TOC</strong></summary>

- [2022-08-02](#2022-08-02)
- [2022-07-26](#2022-07-26)
- [2022-07-20](#2022-07-20)
- [2022-07-12](#2022-07-12)
- [2022-07-05](#2022-07-05)
- [2022-06-21](#2022-06-21)
- [2022-05-31](#2022-05-31)
- [2022-05-11](#2022-05-11)
- [2022-05-03](#2022-05-03)
- [2022-04-11](#2022-04-11)
- [2022-03-22](#2022-03-22)
- [2022-03-16](#2022-03-16)
- [2022-03-10](#2022-03-10)
- [2022-02-15](#2022-02-15)
- [2022-02-08](#2022-02-08)
- [2022-02-01](#2022-02-01)
- [2022-01-25](#2022-01-25)
- [2022-01-11](#2022-01-11)
- [2021-12-09](#2021-12-09)
- [2021-11-30](#2021-11-30)
- [2021-11-23](#2021-11-23)

</details>

## 2022-08-02

### Check-in ritual

- Had about 2.5 days of writing last week, which I spent on IceNet.
- Had a slightly worrying meeting re. white papers in general.
Will update the GitHub README with some more notes about how the CTPs link to the white paper, the link between impact (past), position (present) and recommendations (future).
Going to also schedule a call with HS to clarify some questions that were raised.
- Had a good planning meeting with ZI this morning.

MS: Let's align with HS on this. We should create slide deck for what these papers are.

### Project-specific reflection

- Writing for IceNet has been going OK, if a little slowly.
Also ended up doing some reading for digital twins and made notes about it, as some of the messaging was potentially related.
- Discussed the cross-cutting-messages approach with ZI, who is putting  together a timeline for the remaining two papers.

MS: All the best!

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Whom did you help since the last meeting?

- Helped HS, JL and KR prepare for meeting with illustrator for white papers.

MS: will chat with HS about in house data vis expertise (RSE), interactive - check the need and store in an issue.

#### Who helped you since the last meeting?

- ZI, who has followed up with everyone who was to review the Scivision section.
- AD, for giving me space to present the work going into the white papers at the S&R meeting.

MS: Great stuff.

#### What did you achieve?

- Progress with draft of the IceNet case study.

#### What are you working on this week and what are your priorities?

- Same as last week:
focused on IceNet at the moment, and hope to tackle DyME-CHH later this week.
- Attending the Scivision co-working call as the PDRAs have feedback they want to give in person.

#### Where do you need help?

- Could we briefly discuss the concerns I mentioned above in the check-in?

## 2022-07-26

### Check-in ritual

- So, as I have known for a while, actually putting words on a page and sending it over for review is a wonderful experience.
The feedback I‚Äôve received so far on the Scivision draft makes me feel much more confident about tackling the rest of the texts ahead.

MS: great job! Really exciting to see many reviews and comments from everyone.

### Project-specific reflection

- Sent over the Scivision section for review and am working on the IceNet one now.
Ideally, should be done in a day or two, before moving on to DyME-CHH.
Will provide a status update either way, at the end of the week.
- I‚Äôm still not convinced that the case-study-focused approach is the best way forward for the remaining two white papers, and think they should be anchored around cross-cutting messages and recommendations, with project-specific lessons sprinkled across the texts.
Will see what the discussion at the S&R meeting on Thursday reveals.
I have half an hour to present the project‚Äôs objectives and discuss potential angles with the PDRAs.
- For the remaining two white papers, I will approach the writing as the first/lead author (as BM said I should) and get input where required, rather than expecting collaborative writing from the start (even with prepared notes available before anyone opens the doc).

MS: These sound like a good way forward - a good risk mitigation idea.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Whom did you help since the last meeting?

- Reviewed the TPS newsletter for AB.

MS: Thank you! üéä

#### Who helped you since the last meeting?

- ZI with lots of following up on tasks.
- BM with encouragement that the writing is on the right track re. style, message, tone etc.
- KW, who called to check how I was doing from a MH perspective.
- MS for passing on my feedback request.
- AM and ZE for reviewing the text and providing feedback/suggestions.

MS: üå∏

#### What did you achieve?

- Near-final draft of the Scivision text!!

MS: Great job!

#### What are you working on this week and what are your priorities?

- Focused on IceNet at the moment, and hope to tackle DyME-CHH later this week.
Will provide an update by the end of the week independent of whether I‚Äôve finished or not.
- Attending the S&R meeting on Thursday (hopefully the connection works, unlike the last time I participated), where I will be discussing the third white paper with the PDRAs.

MS: Thanks for updating!

#### Where do you need help?

- I would be grateful for advice on how to kick-off the next two white papers.
Happy to discuss what worked and what didn‚Äôt in the E&S one, during our call.

MS: Let's find some time on one of the Fridays coworking.

## 2022-07-20

### Check-in ritual

- Just had a very productive all-morning planning sprint with ZI!

### Project-specific reflection

- Writing is going slowly but well.
A lot of writing is thinking, and I would‚Äôve liked to have someone to think with to clarify ideas; just making notes doesn‚Äôt help me a lot.
- ZI and I have worked on a plan for various ASG tasks, with white papers and related deliverables as top priority.
- We may have to advance the publication of the first white paper as E&S want it out by November in time for COP27.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Whom did you help since the last meeting?

- Had chat with HS about whether white papers are the way to go for capturing their work.
- Had a welcome-to-Turing chat with MI.

#### Who helped you since the last meeting?

- ZI really helped in our planning sprint on not just focusing on tasks but about processes.
- JL gave me feedback on the messaging for the white papers.
- MS by moving the illustration sprints forward in e-mail with HS.

#### What did you achieve?

- Managed to put aside a lot of time for the white papers, even if a lot of it was spent thinking.
Really valuing having meeting-free and distraction-free time to reflect on the content.

#### What are you working on this week and what are your priorities?

- Finish Scivision and IceNet impact case studies and finalise for BM, MS and ZE to review.
- Didn‚Äôt manage last week, so will submit CM report for Q1 (22/23) before end of week.

#### Where do you need help?

- I will need reviews on the content for two of the projects featured in the white paper once it‚Äôs online.

## 2022-07-12

### Check-in ritual

- Had a great time meeting so many ASG colleagues for the first time last week at the ASG event in Birmingham!
- Also got lots of positive feedback from many of the attendees and speakers.
- Huge thanks to ZI and AY for all their help with organising the event.

MS: Well done on the event! The agenda was well put and I really enjoyed the talks very much. Also the big clock tower. üï∞

### Project-specific reflection

- Spoke briefly to a few people (like AC) about the white papers at the event.
- Discussed ASG podcast with BC and introduced them to RH as potential guest.
- Now directing my full attention to the white papers.

MS: Thanks for getting them up to speed. Totally agree on directing your attention to White paper.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Whom did you help since the last meeting?

- AY and ZI with various tasks at the ASG event.
- Introduced newcomer SS to a few ASG people at the event.

#### Who helped you since the last meeting?

- ZI and AY were tremendous in the lead-up to the event and on the days themselves.
- MS, AM and BC with chairing various sessions.
- JD, AC, DC, GR and others with organising and running the Mapathon.

#### What did you achieve?

- Organised first in-person ASG event.

#### What are you working on this week and what are your priorities?

- Continue working on Scivision impact story and finalise for BM, MS and ZE to review.
- Submit CM report for Q1 (22/23) before end of week.
- Onboard RAMs to white papers.
- Attend catch-up calls for OLS5.

#### Where do you need help?

- I need advice on planning the illustration sprints with Scriberia for the white papers.

## 2022-07-05

### Check-in ritual

- Still recovering from a bad bout of COVID so not firing on all cylinders.
- Looking forward to our first in-person ASG-wide event!
Only around 40 people attending, though.
- Thanks for approving the switch to compressed weeks!

### Project-specific reflection

- Had a slight course-correction re. white papers, following meeting with BM, MS and ZE.
- Have blocked chunks of time to spend working on the drafting process as I‚Äôve been struggling with the stop-start nature of work at times.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Whom did you help since the last meeting?

- MS with some post-work conversations.
- ZI with reviews of comms. sent to speakers.

#### Who helped you since the last meeting?

- ZI for handling all of the ASG event work while I was on sick leave.
- MS for advice on how to proceed with community building as part of the white-paper work.
- MS for taking and sharing notes from meeting re. white papers.
- JD for helping ZI plan the workshops/demos session at the ASG event.
- AM for aggregating list of impact case studies for all three white papers.

#### What did you achieve?

- Reworked mapathon plans with ZI, JD and AC.
- Began working on ASG impact stories (Scivision).
- Presented ASG event update as MB.
- Briefed BC re. ASG event that they‚Äôre chairing.

#### What are you working on this week and what are your priorities?

- Continue working on Scivision impact story and finalise for BM, MS and ZE to review.
- Contact speakers on engagement panel to brief them on the structure/scope of the session.
- Final preparations for ASG event on Thursday/Friday.

#### Where do you need help?

- Could do with some advice on what I need to do to onboard the RAMs to the white-paper process.

---
- Long list of projects
  - Project, one sentence summary, project lead, links, specific CTP
- Onboarding for ASG white: Contributing guideline
  - GitHub access
  - Overleaf access (joinable link)
  - Zotero for reference: https://www.zotero.org/groups/4652021/turing_asg/library
    - Enhancing International Cooperation in AI Research: The Case for a Multilateral AI Research Institute: https://www.zotero.org/groups/4652021/turing_asg/items/S39Z5CXE
    - Research Data: The Future of FAIR White paper: https://www.zotero.org/groups/4652021/turing_asg/items/GSJT7NEL/
    - Language: https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.03216
  - Comms channels
  - References for white paper
    - Long list
    - Structure of paper (E&S paper)
    - Timeline
    - Milestones
  - Roles
    - Authors
    - Review
    - Editor
    - Data journalism
    - Gap and impact (ZE and MC)
  - Authorship
    - <CRediT document>
  - Introduction
    - Broad overview of the problem area
  - What are some references we are considering for he white paper
    - https://www.zotero.org/groups/4652021/turing_asg/items/S39Z5CXE
  - Issue of wish list ASG white paper

---

## 2022-06-21

### Check-in ritual

- Things seem to be going well with the ASG event in July with most speakers now confirmed.
We‚Äôre still only about halfway to capacity in terms of in-person attendees, though.
- Have scheduled weekly meetings with ZI to work on all the projects we have ahead.
- Have scheduled twice-weekly co-working calls with ZE to work on the white papers.
- Would like to switch to compressed weeks working four days (Tue--Thu, if possible).

### Project-specific reflection

- Updating canonical document (Google Docs) with all of the projects I‚Äôm involved with.
- Have revised the timeline for the white papers and sent it to ZI.
- Had a productive chat with ZE re. content and editing process of the white papers and am confident we‚Äôll forge ahead with dedicated time devoted to it.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Whom did you help since the last meeting?

- My goatherding last week helped at least once person bring about a change in their routine so I‚Äôm glad to know it was useful!

#### Who helped you since the last meeting?

- DC for talking about structuring working days.
- VH for advice on workshop organising.
- RB for joining the E&S white paper.
- ZE for a productive meeting on the E&S white paper last week.
- ZI for bring an absolutely ace RPM and for offering to do a half-day planning sprint in person at the office.

#### What did you achieve?

##### ASG July event

- ZI has helped contact most speakers and I am following up with a few.
- Agenda is nearly frozen.

##### White papers

- Established working plan with ZE and made notes together.
- Onboarded RB for E&S white paper section but also EDT potentially.

##### AIUK 2023

- Had a kick-off meeting to plan AIUK 2023 with HS, ZI and events team.

#### What are you working on this week and what are your priorities?

- Finalise speakers and chairs for the ASG event panels.
- Speaker briefs for all participants.
- Ping potential poster contributors.
- Co-work with ZE on white papers.
- Triage GitHub issues.
- Present ASG event update at ASG MB.

#### Where do you need help?

- How do I delegate some of the communication outputs to more people and support them in the production?

## 2022-05-31

### Check-in ritual

- Was a bit ill last week but am better now (took last Wednesday off).
- Feeling more positive about the white papers with both ZI and ZE on board, plus there has been enthusiasm from the PDRAs, who have made many edits to the files.
- Looking forward to relaxing over the long weekend.

MS: Congrats on your Viva!! So amazing. So great to see you working with ZI and ZE. 

### Project-specific reflection

- Have had some very productive meetings with ZI about the ASG event, and the plans are moving forward quite well (more below).
- New contributors to the white papers have been making edits to the document and I‚Äôve also had a co-working session with some (more below as well).

MS: Great work. üéâ

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Whom did you help since the last meeting?

- Helped a small Bristol community come together at the JGI and they are looking into providing honorary status to Bristol-based Turing personnel.
- Had a coffee chat with SB to discuss communities.
- Helped ZI with ASG event comms.
- Helped JD with mapathon plans.

MS: Thank you for connecting with others and supporting SB in her early days.

#### Who helped you since the last meeting?

- ZI and ZE with advice and support for tackling the white papers.
- ZI for liaising with AC re. ASG event agenda.
- All new contributors to the white papers for making their first edits to the document.

#### What did you achieve?

##### ASG July event

- Have had some agenda-planning meetings with ASG central team, HS, ZI, MC and AY.
- I have run the tentative agenda past several PDRAs to get their input on the sessions we have planned.
- Worked with ZI to prepare comms (mostly ZI; I only checked) for the event.
- Went to Birmingham with ZI yesterday to scope out the venue and speak with the venue representative about potential sessions.
- Have worked with JD, DC and AS on the mapathon session at the social event.

MS: All these sound great. Please make space in the agenda to share the update from ASG white paper, success and challenges as well as incentives that future authors can expect.

##### White papers

- Thoroughly helpful conversations with ZI and ZE have given me renewed energy for the white papers; ZI has prepared a project tracking document and ZI is keen to be involved in the weekly meetings.
- New contributors have been onboarded and have made their first contributions.
- Had a co-working slot all Friday afternoon and co-worked with two PDRAs during that time.
- AC has offered to also help with the overall messaging of the document as they have experience working on such documents.

MS: Great to see these updates. Please do take time to review the timeline, supporting documents and stakeholder engagement plan.

##### Misc.

- Attended (remotely) the meeting to plan the Nature-Turing workshops in September/October, and provided my input for how to proceed; there will be some community-organising work there, but I will need help as it will overlap quite a bit with my white-papers schedules and I won‚Äôt be able to devote full attention to it.

MS: Good call to restrict the time you can offer. Please invite help from HS. AB, AM and I can help review the agenda.

#### What are you working on this week and what are your priorities?

- Beginning editing the ASG white paper now that most have fed into the document.
- Contact potential speakers/presenters for ASG event and finalise the panels.

MS: do reach out to me and AB for any support we can offer.

#### Where do you need help?

- Need help delegating the Nature-Turing workshops organising work to someone else.

## 2022-05-11

### Check-in ritual

- A bit overwhelmed, honestly.
- Excited about the possibility of setting up a Turing Bristol Hub.
Will document this, of course, so we can make a forkable set-up-your-own-hub document.
- Huge thanks to PH for helping make contact with the JGI at the University of Bristol!

MS: I hope you have the time and support for the project. Thank you for setting the local hub!

### Project-specific reflection

- Three new contributors have joined the E&S white paper!
Will be doing their on-boarding over Slack and Zoom.
- JD has been curating resources and ideas for the EDT white paper.
- Had meetings with AC about health summary, with JD about a mapping social for the July event, and with HS, MC and ZI about the August event after meeting ASG central last week (with follow-up with AY today)
- ZI has been ace, and has set up a Gantt chart for the July event and has also provided me with a list of potential areas for the PDRAs to engage with at the event.
- ASG mini-series for Turing podcast is moving ahead; had two meetings with BCG and DW about logistics; see https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/asg-community/issues/53/.
- Have _not_ managed to set up co-working slots but will have to do so for after the Book Dash.

MS: Great work getting the project moving forward.
Some point to consider:
- Please involve ZI in putting together a time line combined with outputs and stakeholders.
- Where can the leadership provide steer and support in your work?
  -  Where can you protect your time for white papers?

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Whom did you help this week?

- Set up a one-day co-working space in Bristol (at the JGI) for the _Turing Way_ Book Dash!
- Provided one piece of internal peer review for Turing colleague

#### Who helped you this week?

- AS for enthusiasm with setting up an unofficial Bristol Hub
- RP for identifying JGI as a potential locus for the hub; PH for establishing connections with JGI; JN for kindly agreeing to host us for one day of the Book Dash!

MS: Thank you so much for setting this up!

- JD circulated a pre-meeting survey to the EDT PDRAs before this evening‚Äôs workshop and shared the results with myself and DAB.
- BCG and DW for enthusiasm and ideas for the ASG podcast mini-series

MS: Really excited for you to work with ZE. DO involve RAMs where you can.

#### What did you achieve?

- Lots but still feels like too little!
- Sent out personal invitations for participation in E&S white papers
- Drafted short text for BM to circulate to core team
- Had multiple meetings to scope out ASG podcast mini-series
- Had multiple meetings to move forward July ASG event
- Scoped out potential evening social around mapping at July event with JD
- Had meeting with BM, JR, HS and VH about a series of workshops to be organised by a Nature journal and Turing+STFC; been asked to help organise the workshops

#### What are you working on this week and what are your priorities?

- Contacting ASG PDRAs about July event to shape agenda and seek contributors for facilitating workshops
- Preparing communications to send out to ASG for the July event (priority)
- Responding to some e-mails that have been ignored for too long

MS: All the best! Please let me know where I and others can help.

#### Where do you need help?

- How do I say no to things I‚Äôm asked to do?

MS: Please do continue to find joy in what you do, involve people where you can and delegate tasks that distract from you work. 

## 2022-05-03

### Check-in ritual

- Feeling super motivated after the break
- Had a long and very helpful mentorship session with YY last Friday!

### Project specific Reflection

- Unfortunately, there were no edits to the document while I was away.
Going to start engaging the post-docs directly now as we might not get much _direct_ engagement from the senior researchers.
YY and I discussed setting up co-working slots specifically for writing the white papers and sending out (optional) invites to everyone involved.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who helped you this week?

- JD has regularly pointed me to useful reading (and potential references) for the EDT white paper
- YY has been a fount of wisdom and sage advice, and generally a fun person to catch up with every couple of weeks
- AS, for thinking of me in the context of train ticket sales this weekend

#### What did you achieve?

- Still haven‚Äôt caught up on all my e-mails, but I did go through many and also sent out the WP reminder e-mail on Friday

#### What are you working on this week and what are your priorities?

- Contacting post-docs and others recommended by core team to contribute to the E&S white paper; setting up co-working slots for this week and beyond and inviting them to it
- Start editing the document with contributors, if possible
- Meeting with ASG central about July event (Thursday); includes debrief from March event
- Have to upload ASG March event talks (been low priority, but now has been two months since the event)
- Start working on SPARRA glossy

#### Where do you need help?

- Advice on how to motivate senior researchers to contribute to the white papers
  - Q: SH mentioned recognising contributors as authors; will carrot work as well for senior people as PDRAs?

## 2022-04-11

### Check-in ritual

- Just in case it wasn‚Äôt obvious from my messages elsewhere, I‚Äôm blown away by AS‚Äôs weekly updates and want to implement something similar for my own work.
- Had a good time at CW22 and made some new connections.
Was also pleased that I managed to contribute to some core R community work on the hackday.
- Launched the drafting phase for the first ASG white paper, which felt a bit overwhelming to get out of the docks.
- Had a good chat with BC about the potential for ASG podcast episodes/mini-series; see <https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/asg-community/issues/53>.
---
- MS: So glad that you could attend the CW22! Congrats for winning the hack day prize! üéâ
- MS: ASG plan looks good, so glad that BC is onboard. Agree on the observation of communicating how these by-product connect in the context of the main papers. I suggest planning a post-it note exercise with all the folks who are helping deliver different outputs.
- MS: Thank you fo sharing notes in open.

### Project specific Reflection

- Finally launched the E&S white paper.
Felt like a weight off my shoulder, as I hadn‚Äôt managed to move forward with it for some time.
- Haven‚Äôt really had any proper _community_ time lately, but that should change in May once we move to the July hybrid event.
---
- MS: Drop private email to people who are contributing tosend reminder.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Whom did you help this week?

- In the end, I wasn‚Äôt _really_ needed at the session, but I helped SG run a workshop at CW22.
  - MS: I am sure SG appreciated your support. üåº 

#### Who helped you this week?

- KW took over my Enrichment applications as I was struggling to find time to do it before leaving for India.
  - MS: KW mentioned the enrichment application, will check if I can help.   
- AS by inspiring me with updates to the TTW community-building issue!
- (From previous week, but‚Ä¶) MS with giving structure to our chat about community outputs: <https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/asg-community/issues/52>

#### What did you achieve?

- At the risk of sounding like a broken record, moving to the white-paper drafting phase was pretty important.

#### What did you struggle with?

- A particularly severe bout of decision paralysis.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- On leave until 27 April!
  - MS: let's rephrase this for when you return to "What are you working on this week? Let's review last week's task and prioritise them?" 

#### Where do you need help/feedback?

- Will have to think about this when I get back from holiday.

## 2022-03-22

### Check-in ritual

- Thanks to JD for advice on a project I came across recently
- Huge thanks to YY for unblocking something during 1:1 call
- Thanks to VH for making time to hang out at Turing last week
- Was good to attend a day-long meeting in person last week, with lots of opportunities for conversation outside of the presentations themselves

---
MS: really lovely to see all these fantastic connections!

### Project specific Reflection

- Been making notes in a notebook to gather various snippets into one place before putting it online into the `asg-community` repo
- Wrote down vision for project as part of OLS-5 mentorship
- Started working on Open Canvas (almost done) and using input from Roadmaps exercise to update schedule for white papers
- Got good feedback on the use of GitHub issues at ASG Management Board, but was told I could provide more clarity: need to make proper labels

---
MS: great work!

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Whom did you help this week?

- AL with content for TTW chapter
  - MS: :tada:

#### Who helped you this week?

- YY in particular on 1:1 call
  - MS: YY is precious! 

#### What did you achieve?

- Cleared some (not a lot) of my e-mail backlog, which feels like a bigger achievement than it is
- Started consolidating notes for the white papers from various sources
- Drafted the vision for the project, made headway with the Open Canvas, and started with the Roadmap

---
MS: Emails are so much work!!!

#### What did you struggle with?

- Got stuck with reviewing the ASG event presentations because they‚Äôre no longer available on Hopin.
Will be following up with AY after AIUK

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Finish Open Canvas
- Create meaningful labels for repo and categorise issues
- Move notes from notebook to repo
- Send out e-mail with update on E&S white paper

---
MS: I hope the hopin video issue get sorted. All the best in getting the paper work started.

#### Where do you need feedback?

- Feedback on the Open Canvas and the Roadmap once they‚Äôre ready would be good (independent of the feedback from OLS5 of course)
- Thanks for penciling the co-working slot next week, that‚Äôll be useful too, and I‚Äôll bring more actionable requests to that
- When I make changes to the `asg-community` repo for the community contributions to the white papers and the updated schedule for the E&S one, I‚Äôll submit a PR that you can review

---
MS: updated schedule will be really helpful! Looking forward to looking into all these community documents.

---
## 2022-03-16

- Cancel meetings till April that you don't need
- Away from 12 - 27 April
- Piecing together white paper plans and July events 
- Guideline for white paper 
    - Miro board or some sort of visual aid for what forms the ASG community
    - Maybe a workshop for preparing research objects to share with white paper
- Visual representation of ASG community and outcomes
    - Example from stakeholder mapping: https://app.mural.co/invitation/mural/turingrochemapping3184/1644491751192?sender=u9bd79b8433bbff7b44831689&key=894dc697-7b47-45c2-a689-0960452100cb


## 2022-03-10

### Check-in ritual

Have been good since submitting the thesis.
Been getting lots of sleep and have been able to bring more energy to work.
The ASG event went quite well, based on the feedback from many of the participants, so I‚Äôm feeling quite motivated.

- Special thanks to HM and AY for all their behind-the-scenes help with organising the event
- MS and KW gave me lots of advice on how to run the various sessions
- Met JS and BC at 1:1 networking and discussed collaborating with them
- Social lunch was _really good_ with so many sharing their hobbies and interests

---
MS: What was challenging?
AR: Took some time to understand how much I had to be involved in shaping of the event. Lots of connections and learning experiences. HM was great support. AY helped so much behind the scene.
MS: Any plan to create a debrief document?
AR: Need to schedule a debrief event. AY has also shared a document to add details. 
MS: Connect with VH to have a chat about her F2F event planning, and also reuse a debrief document format she used for her workshops.

Amazing work!!

---

### Project specific Reflection

- ASG community building got a boost from last week‚Äôs event
  - Planning with HS on organising regular ‚Äúmeet-up‚Äù sessions for ASG PDRAs
  - HS was told by some PDRAs that they felt isolated with their projects from the rest of ASG, and we want to address that
  - Will investigate whether we can get budgets for reimbursed meals for monthly/quarterly social lunches
- JL is unavailable to help with SPARRA glossy so HS asked if I could help: realised that we can recycle lightning talk that other JLy gave at ASG event
- Started but didn‚Äôt advance with repurposing the sessions content for notes for white papers
- Had meeting with MC about impact measurement, spoke with JS and HR about their projects

---
- MS: Mar-Dec planning for community events and opportunities.
 - Firechat as external engagement and promotion of your work.
- Useful to create template for allowing different projects to create their glossy
- Request a community page via topdesk and ask for edit access from Kim.
- All these connections sound fantastic! Great work.
- A to Z for ASG!???

---

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Whom did you help these past few weeks?

- Quite a few people, I hope, but can‚Äôt recall all instances at the moment.

#### Who helped you these past few weeks?

- HM and AY with organising ASG event
- MS and KW with tremendous advice and support for planning the sessions
- BM and JR for introducing me to the community at the ASG event
- All of panellists, chairs and speakers for making the event a success
- Everyone who joined the social lunch and shared their hobbies and interests

MS: üéä Brilliant updates.

#### What did you achieve?

- Quite a bit that I‚Äôm pleased with
  - The ASG event itself went well from a logistics PoV (with one tiny hiccup)
  - I got feedback from a couple of the speakers that they enjoyed the panels they were on
  - The lightning talks went smooooothly and speakers got to discuss their work in longer breakout sessions
- Following the event, I‚Äôve had some discussions with people I met for the first time (including one longer conversation that will hopefully feed into the E&S white paper that came entirely from the 1:1 networking)

MS: All great feedback! So much to follow up on.

#### What did you struggle with?

- Staying on top of the E&S white paper itself

MS: Great! Put the templates online. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Resume work on the E&S white paper: need to restructure the schedule for one
  - Tomorrow morning
- Go over all the recordings of the ASG event sessions and make proper notes to put on GitHub
  - Sometime next week; should take a day in total
- Follow up with speakers who have not replied to ask about putting their talks on Zenodo
  - Reminders tomorrow morning
- Discuss ASGardian podcASG with BC
  - Sometime next week, if BC is available
- Will be attending the DT:UA meeting at the office on Tuesday

#### Where do you need feedback (where can I engage)?

- I can‚Äôt think of anything specific at the moment: things seem to be moving along well.

MS: Think about what help you can ask for people to be engaged in the project.

## 2022-02-15

### Check-in ritual

Overall doing well but a tad overwhelmed with wrapping up my PhD.
It‚Äôs affecting work a little and will for the next ten days or so, unfortunately.

The ASG event is shaping up well!
Comms have gone out and a few more have registered.
Reached out to some individuals from the community to test the waters of the proposed sessions and got positive feedback.

Thanks in particular to HM for help with the ASG event, to DC for an insightful discussion on measuring the health of communities and to KW for advice on how to conduct lightning talks.

### Project specific Reflection

**Good**

- Using GitHub as a single-store for all community aspects is a going well
- Spoke with Scivision community about presenting at third session of ASG event (they‚Äôre interested)
- Made possible connection between health and Digital Twins (see below)

**Challenging**

- White papers are a little behind the (optimistic) schedule because the ASG event is taking up more of my time than I had anticipated
- For the event, we are still lacking lightning talks at the moment

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Whom did you help this week?

- Put AD and AF in touch re. potential for health-related Digital Twins
- DC said he found our conversation about community health useful :)
- Another member of the Lab with some personal stuff

#### Who helped you this week?

- HM and AY with ASG event logistics
- DC on measuring health of communities
- KW on how to conduct lightning talks

#### What did you achieve?

- Contacted all external PDRAs about Slack, and at least two have asked to join
- Did some tidying of the ASG Community repo
- Spoke with Scivision team during their coworking calls to discuss ASG event participation following suggestion from BM and JR
- Spoke with another core contributor to the white papers

#### What did you struggle with?

- Started with _Community Management_ worksheets, but haven‚Äôt finished
- Overall, I‚Äôm operating at less than full capacity because of the thesis-submission deadline and a lack of sleep

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Finalise ASG event sessions and speakers
    - Thursday/Friday
- Review (with BM) the lightning-talk applications
    - Part of Thursday morning
- Catch up and follow up on white papers

#### Where do you need help?

- Can‚Äôt think of anything specific at the moment!

## 2022-02-08

- Check-in ritual
    - Thanks to AC, DA, CD for joining the lunchtime agenda-building call and giving me invaluable input into the agenda items
    - Also to HM and AY for help with refining the ASG event agenda
    - Huge thanks to MS for assorted advice, guidance and patience during community-related meetings, and for taking the whole of Friday to co-work with me on growing the ASG community and getting over my GitHub-related fears
    - Slowly but surely I feel I‚Äôm growing into the role
- MS: So delighted to see you make these connections! Well done. <3

### Project specific Reflection

- Started to put together notes and ideas into the GitHub repo for the ASG community
- The ASG event in March has potential for community building: I need to make sure the opportunity is not lost
    - Putting together cross-CTP (hah!) panels, poster sessions, virtual booths etc.
    - Also involving RAMs
- Didn‚Äôt manage to find the time to look too closely into GitHub Discussions but have started to use it anyway
    - <https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/asg-community/discussions/27>
- MS: Lots of stuff!
  - Really nice to see RAMs involvement in your work.
  - Here is an example from REG handbook on discussion feature: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/REG-handbook/discussions/8

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Whom did you help this week?

- AC with an application for Enrichment Project Collaborations
- SG with assorted Binder-related stuff
- MS: üéä 

#### Who helped you this week?

- Those who joined the agenda-building call last week and helped refine the agenda (in check-in ritual, above)
- MS for some much-needed 1:1 virtual hand-holding with community building
- MS: Useful community involvements! Thank you.

#### What did you achieve?

- Was able to take on board feedback/input from community members to define an agenda for the ASG meeting in March that are happy with!
- Refactored the various ASG-community-related repos and issues into a single one, with Malvika‚Äôs advice
- Closed one long TTW PR that I had been in the process of reviewing for ages
- MS: Looking forward to seeing all these work develop.

#### What did you struggle with?

- Getting over my ‚Äúput things on GitHub!‚Äù anxiety
- Some personal stuff for private discussion
- MS: üåª You are doing the best you can.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Complete the _Community Management_ worksheets
    - Might need an entire morning (scheduled for tomorrow a.m.)
- Contact all external PDRAs and ask if they want to join Slack
    - Should take no more than half an hour (scheduled for Thursday)
- Clean up [asg-community](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/asg-community) repo: add labels, set milestones, migrate more todo items from notes to issues, set up Discussions
    - Probably a good chunk of the day (scheduled for Friday)
- Some reading into community-building, especially the research on the concept of a ‚ÄúCommunity of Practice‚Äù
    - Intermittent
- MS: I love reading theories of community - currently reading Rekindling Democracy that I love love. Kirstie got me to read AM Brown that I will recommend Emergent Strategy.

#### Where do you need help?

- More generally, I need some kind of regular reminders about working in the open! üòÖ

## 2022-02-01

- Check-in ritual
    - EK for demonstrating an internal GitHub repo as an example for project management, and then sharing notes following a meeting with DC about measuring impact
        - MS: Excellent! EK has so much experience managing restricted access project.
    - HM for recognising my workload and offering to cut me out of some planning meetings
        - MS: That's so great to hear.
    - KH for speaking with me about an ASG CTP and introducing me to half a dozen people by e-mail
    - AL for helping set up co-working schedule
    - KW, AB, SB, RH for joining co-working Huddles
    - AC for just being all-round awesome with open science
        - MS: So true!!
    - RW for joining lunchtime call with PDRAs, and JD and AC for supporting
    - LM for testing Overleaf with me

### Agenda and Notes

- Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on.
    - The white papers project is now live and open: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/asg-white-papers
    - I have spoken with several PIs, PDRAs, REGs, and have more lined up this week and next
        - MS: This is fantastic!!
        - MS: Cookie cutter template repo for the white papers (reusable) will be amazing to get out of this.
        - MS: Maybe reconsider the repo names to be more understandable

- Since last week, review progress you‚Äôve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention?
    - I‚Äôm pleased that I set up all the mundane working materials for the white papers
    - Just finding focused time can be a challenge on _some_ days, but I‚Äôve now set aside Fridays as meeting-free in as much as I can control them
        - MS: I completely support this! I have been doing this since 2017 and intend to keep it that way.

### Reflection

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Make a cookie-cutter template for white papers (possibly longer time scales than next week)
* Look into GitHub Discussion feature for white papers
  - MS:  Looking forward to our first team meeting this week and coworking with you on Friday.

## 2022-01-25

[N.B.: Didn‚Äôt actively take notes in this meeting.]

- ASG-meeting went well!
- Set up a repo, created Slack channels, OverLeaf

**Recording processes, ideas, stories**

- Publishing them in TTW‚Ä¶
- e.g. SPARRA sensitive data: case study?
    - What are the exceptions for openness?
- Drive the writing of the processes, but don‚Äôt have to be the primary writer
    - Involve PIs and PDRAs


## 2022-01-11

**Check-in ritual**
- Reflected on finding my voice as CM over the break
    - I am glad to see that you could make some time on reflecting this. Looking forward to discussing this and see where I can support this iterative process. 
- Grateful to KW for help with goals
    - üå∏   

### Project-specific reflection

- Need to meet individual members of ASG to understand the community
    - Who among the core stakeholders you have not yet managed to meet? 
- Can identify connections once I speak to individual members
- ‚ÄúNobody knows how this community-building looks like.‚Äù What are the needs? What are the connections that exist between teams?
  - I think many of us have the vision for ASG community and overview of how building them would look like. I hope discussion earlier in the week was useful, howeever, we should block a day to work on sketching out some concrete strategy and timeline to share them with others. This will help in communicating what we want to achieve and where we might be misaligned - which would be a place to further feedback and iteration, and especially for engagement.
- Documenting queries, create pathways
    - How can we work towards making them visible? 
- ‚ÄúHave I let the ASG PDRAs know what my agenda is beyond the white papers?‚Äù

#### Anything else

- Goals?
  - Will derive goals from the impact I want to have from the work I do
  - What will a successful ASG CM achieve?
  - Look at JD
  - Personal-professional goals
- ASG goal-setting workshop?


#### After meeting

- Open repository on processes of ASG community-drive white papers
  - Issues:
    - What is aim of the white papers?
    - Barriers/incentives
    - Authorship process
      - External contributors
    - Community engagement
    - Public engagement
- RAM showcase: talk to Aida


### Notes from 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

- HM and KW with planning of ASG workshop agenda
- VH with GitHub matters
- JD with Equadratures glossy
- SG with reviewing TTW PR

#### Who helped you this week?

- KW with goal-setting session and offering to host workshop for ASG postdocs
- SB for organising spontaneous co-working session after coffee call


#### What did you achieve?

- Made progress with organising 2022-03 ASG Workshop with Harriet and Kate

#### What did you struggle with?

- Replace this text with a bullet point list.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- ASG white papers: kick-off agenda, to share with Ben
- Finalise my ASG goals
- OLS?

#### Where do you need help?

- Advice on how to engage ASG PDRAs

## 2021-12-09

- Check-in ritual
  - KW for help with DSG
  - RP met in person

### Notes from 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

- DSG workshop
- Chaired the coworking call first time :)

#### Who helped you this week?

- Met RP in person - discussed scicomm story, and the REG project. Language for data analysis and visualisation to enable adding a layer of. Trying to add in a private repo.

#### What did you achieve?

- Ran the DSG workshop last week, it was daunting in the beginning but went really well. KW was there to help and step in.
- Some very productive chats with ASG stakeholders
- Submitted the SMART goal
- Public engagement workshop was good

#### What did you struggle with?

- Couldn't manage to make time to work beyond the project
    - Solution: Make co-working call slots for ASG, and anyone else can join if they wish.
- Learning to balance work (long term) and immediate responses
- Closed projects doesn't allow collaboration

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- ASG Management Board:
    - Talk about my background as a science communicator
    - A couple of examples of things I've worked on
    - Showcase how my vision for the white papers evolves from this
    - Be honest about time spent for meetings
    - Use it as an occasion to ask board members to reach out to me and discuss their work
    - Trying to achieve a lot more through the process of the white papers (re. reproducibility and openness)

#### Where do you need help from me?

- Board meeting presentation
- OLS ASG projects

## 2021-11-30

- Check-in ritual
    - Yesterday meeting with others was great!
    - VH reached out and let me enter. It was really nice hanging out with her :)
    - AB onboarded in the office and showed different places.
    - KW hung out before catching bus.

### Project-specific reflection

- Chatting with BM, KW, MS helped understand some of the processes and roles within the project
- Connected with JR, JT, AL who explained the project technical aspects
- Reflecting on the 'how' and 'why' rather than approaching white paper from operational view.
- Be flexible now, make concrete in the near future.
- Don't ONLY present ideas as own, but as what have emerged from conversations with community members.

### Notes from 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

- AB in proofreading TPS newsletter
- GA in proofreading AUTSpaces newsletter
- VA in making edits in 1:1 on GitHub forking model, commit etc. and create a PR (voice only huddle)
- GA and MS in brainstroming the contextualising research worksheet
- I hope I am being generally helpful!

#### Who helped you this week?

- RP in helping in getting HUT23 access (despite being sick)
- HS in following up with data visualisation project
- JG in coordinating with Advent of Code and helping me add to different org spaces
- JR in introducing to some folks he thought I should talk to. helped set up meeting with JT.
- HM in having 1:1 about the project planning. Gave feedback in stakeholder mapping.
- AB in helping with reimbursement through the Certify platform.
- KW in reaching out to DSG session. Offered to help with the session facilitation.

#### What did you achieve?

- Have started to see the role taking shape. It feels very powerful to understand what I can do in the project.
- Connecting different dots through discussions with different people.

#### What did you struggle with?

- SMART goals is still not online due to lots of other meetings.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- SciVision coworking, helping them document some of their work and how to use their research output
- Meet with SH and other leads who I have not met yet
- Contact the core group of CTP E&S to set a kick off meeting in January

#### Where do you need help?

- Some feedback on prioritising what I can do vs what should be prioritised.

#### Any other topics

- Find it uncomfortable to use work time on thesis - maybe think about finding some alignment?
    - Aligned with TPS, Turing Way and Community Manager


## 2021-11-23

#### Who helped you this week?
- Thanks to JL for support with white paper writing.

#### What did you achieve?
- Reached out to AC about Environmental AI (suggested by AB) and Scivision (RAMs, AM)
    - Training
- Spoke with KC about facilitating PDRA training on deep learning (proposed by Harriet)
    - Chatted with MN regarding PDRAs
- Prepared a plan for the kick-off meeting for the white papers
- Worked with JL to identify the milestones needed to publish it

#### What did you struggle with?
- Asking for help or taking up the offer for help
- Exploring roles and what is in the scope of the position
- identifying people to connect with for the project

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Meeting with BM
- Next week: DSG training
- To help AB with E&S CTP event in February
- To help HM with ASG event in March
- Meeting RP in person

#### Where do you need help? What does help look like to you?
- Share anecdotes from the CM experience
