# Vicky + Malvika 1:1 Catch-up Minutes

* [11 March 2022](#date-11-march-2022)
* [04 March 2022](#date-4-march-2022)
* [15 Feburary 2022](#date-15-february-2022)
* [08 Feburary 2022](#date-08-february-2022)
* [01 Feburary 2022](#date-01-february-2022)
* [18 January 2022](#date-18-january-2022)
* [11 January 2022](#date-11-january-2022)
* [14 December 2021](#date-14-december-2021)
* [30 November 2021](#date-30-november-2021)
* [23 November 2021](#date-23-november-2021)

## Date 11 March 2022

### Check-in ritual
Really enjoyed the lab meeting yesterday- good feedback on the talk gave me a bit of a boost! âœ¨

### Project specific Reflection

Definitely feel busy and like there is more to do partnership activity wise (but in a good way!)

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

Moved all the docs to the new Google Drive so feel like this has helped MOG and HM!

#### Who helped you this week?

Lab with feedback on the talk. YZ has been great with inputting on the Seminar Series doc. 

#### What did you achieve?

* Seminar/knowledge share series planned out- will try and invite speakers next week
* Lunch and Learn Slides
* Sent off final expert panel whiteboarding exercise

#### What did you struggle with?

* Input on activities from the Turing side

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Invite speakers and hopefully set up Zoom link/comms for seminar series
* Put some more docs on GitHub

#### Where do you need help?

* Check Collaborations Workshop Abstract
* Input on face to face meeting agenda 


#### Any other topics



## Date 4 March 2022

### Check-in ritual
Feel like I accomplished a lot this week! Sparkling moments- really excited for HM and AB with their promotions, feel like it will bring a positive steer to both Health and TPS.

### Project specific Reflection
Very close to getting a lot of things done! MOG still sorting out Google Drive but once done I'll move some stuff to GitHub and the rest to there. Whiteboarding for the expert panel this afternoon and seminar series planning gtting there.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
Helped a potential enrichment student with advice about potentially collaborating with the partnership. 

#### Who helped you this week?
EK's talk on Knowledge Shares was incredibly helpful! MS with input at operational meeting about how best to do face to face. 

#### What did you achieve?

* Recorded my talk for AI UK
* Made a start on my Lunch and Learn Slides
* Met with Roche to discuss Seminar Series
* Wrote some thoughts on hybrid workshops for later in the year

#### What did you struggle with?

* Still struggling with how we can get people involved in the partnership in a non 'formal' way
* Need to do some thinking around the agenda for the f2f meeting

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Finalise-ish seminar series planning- invite speakers!?
* Expert Panel whiteboarding- finalise
* Finish off lunch and learn slides

#### Where do you need help?

* Planning f2f meeting- looking forward to doing this with you next week
* Advice on seminar series/knowledge share

#### Any other topics

- N/A



## Date: 15 February 2022

### Check-in ritual
Nice to be getting into a bit of a routine with office stuff and excited for lab social plans tonight!

### Project specific Reflection

Finding this week a bit of a challenge so far in terms of coming up with ideas on how to keep unsucessful funding applicants involved in the partnership. On the other hand documentation stuff coming along nicely- feel happy that the comms doc is done and GitHub finally set up!

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped LK with hopefully final round of review of TTW peer review chapter

#### Who helped you this week?

* EK with GitHub training on how to set up the repository!
* MS with co-working- so grateful for your input and the progress we made with stakeholder mapping

#### What did you achieve?

* Comms document finalised, feeling really happy with it 
* Stakeholder map started
* GitHub set up
* Attended SM funding panel

#### What did you struggle with?

* Ideas on how to keep the unsucessful SM applicants involved in the partnership- would like your thoughts!

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Finalise stakeholder mapping
* Sort out expert panel whiteboarding on our side
* Start to plan seminar series

#### Where do you need help?

* As above discussion on unsucessful SM applicants!

#### Any other topics

- N/A

## Date: 08 February 2022

### Check-in ritual
Good week so far- good mix of having tangible things to do and enough time to some broader/blue-sky thinking.

### Project specific Reflection
Expert panel discussion went well, got more of an idea of what we want the panel to provide and have a plan in place to engage them up to the meeting in April. Have sorted February's newsletter and almost there with the Genomics England piece. Looking forward to co-working on the project this week!

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

* RM and AD with pulling together their text for the GE piece
* Partnership team with expert panel planning

#### Who helped you this week?

* CM agreed to come talk at code review meeting
* Attended a talk on causal inference which gave some useful background

#### What did you achieve?

* Attended public engagement training 
* Prepped February's newsletter
* Pulled together GE piece
* Sent follow up email to expert panel
* Prepared rejection email for SM funding call

#### What did you struggle with?

* Planning still lacking a bit, waiting for feedback on docs

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Sorting out Google Drive and Github
* Planning for funded project onboarding
* Think about seminar series

#### Where do you need help?

* Stakeholder mapping and Github planning- looking forward to doing this on Thursday :)

#### Any other topics

N/A


## Date: 01 February 2022

### Check-in ritual

A good but busy week! Feel like some of the pieces of the partnership are starting to come together more and was nice to find a link into the Turing Way via the Code Review group, especially after discussions at last week's lab meeting.
- MS: Super delighted to see this coming together.

### Project specific Reflection

Funding call and senior research associate advert closing is a reminder that we the community of the partnership will be growing very soon. Reflecting on what I need to prepare to ensue onboarding is as soon as necessary. Also expert panel meeting went well, am keen to captialise and plan for the next meetings.
- MS: Impact, purpose and connections between expert panels will be helpful in designing your sesssions.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped AM with interviewing 3 candidates for RPM role
* Reviewed peer review chapter in TTW for LK
* Helped answer application queries for SM funding call
  - MS: Great job handling the funding cals. Design can be considered for the next time (the doc that you already have):
    - FAQs that you are responding to will be helpful
    - Application template could be provided 

#### Who helped you this week?

* EK helped me and AR- showed us Github repo and helped show examples of documentation I could utilise
* MOG helped with partnership planning
  - MS: Really helpful that she is thinking and nudging about this.

#### What did you achieve?

* Chaired expert panel meeting 
* Almost finished Github public v private and comms strategy document 
  - MS: Looking forward to reading them. We can try to set a miro board for this. 

#### What did you struggle with?

* Found it difficult to put together documentation from scratch- definitely find it easier to work collaboratively with someone on this.
  - MS: Same! Maybe ask in the cm team channel for help? But glad that it is.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Finalise comms and github document
* Make a start on stakeholder mapping
* Chase up RM on GE piece
  - MS: Excited to work on this with you.

#### Where do you need help?

* Lots of the funding applications have mentioned Github for sharing their code/data. HM mentioned I'll need to set this up so will likely need support here.
* Any feedback on comms/github docs

#### Any other topics



## Date: 18 January 2022

### Check-in ritual
Feeling good to be on the same page as MOG and HM this week- definite push for us to start putting together roadmap type docs with the scientific leads of the partnership so we can plan for the year. 
- That would be really helpful in getting some timeline added to leads' calendar. All the best!

### Project specific Reflection

Started off feeling on top of things this week and now slightly less! Putting together the expert panel agenda has made it clear that we're not quite aligned as a group with what we want out of the panel so need to work through this.
- Have experts been consulted for their interest in what they want to bring to the panel? 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

Helped the research leads with a letter to the editor they want to submit for a potential journal submission, helped HM with some funding call queries.
- ðŸ™Œ

#### Who helped you this week?

* AR helped me with what I needed to do for goatherding. 
 * You did a pretty solid goadtherding. I need to keep up with that next week :D 
* HM helped me think about what other documents I need to put together for the partnership such as a comms plan.
 * Comm strategy doc will definitely be useful especially to align what is announced by you and what needs to be aligned with the Turing comms team. I would love to see how this develops and if I can help with that. I suggest adding some internal engagement aspect in there too.

#### What did you achieve?

* Have put together a presentation on slack for community management for this week's lab meeting
 * Amazing! Do upload them on Zenodo if you feel that could be generally useful. You can cite that in a chapter that you are planning to write for the TTW. 
* Have started the expert panel agenda- needs sending out asap 
* Team charter should be finalised-ish by Friday
 * This is amazing! Looking forward to reading that. 

#### What did you struggle with?

* Expert panel agenda- need consensus by the end of the week!]
 *  Keeping my fingers crossed. Looks like this is a lot of back and forth planning.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Expert panel meeting is on Monday. Once thats out the way, hoping to have time to start other documents- potentially a comms plan, stakeholder mapping.
* Also need to think about how to keep workshop community engaged, have dropped off a bit
 * Happy to cowork on some of these with you and see where we can align you work with TPS.

#### Where do you need help?

* Have a meeting with EK next week on community Githubs and will also pick her brain on comms stuff as suggested by HM
* Perhaps some advice on how to keep workshop community engaged- am struggling for ideas at the moment
 * Let's chat about it in our 1:1 

#### Any other topics

- Need to move next week's catchup! Will slack you
 - Moved to Monday.  


## Date: 11 January 2022

### Check-in ritual
Nice to be back! Feeling more settled and like I know a bit more what I'm doing now. 
- MS: Loving the new energy!

### Project specific reflection
All going well so far this year. Happy to have got the newsletter out this morning. Got a funding call Q&A session on Weds which will be a good opportunity to engage with the community and then should have some breathing space to finalise team charter etc with MG and HM before funding call closes and expert panel meeting at end of Jan.
- MS: Lots of applications are in the draft version. So amazing!

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

Helped expert panel with their COI forms and getting them added to the Turing site so they're represented on the Turing-Roche webpage.
- MS: It's been a quiet week! The expert panel seems like a proactive and interesting bunch of people.

#### Who helped you this week?

Comms/CRM team were very helpful and responsive in helping get the newsletter sign up form set up and working for Roche colleagues (a bit of troubleshooting needed). HM helping with small project queries as always.
- MS: Good job!

#### What did you achieve?

* Sent out a newsletter!
  * MS: super exciting to see the newsletter out!
* Made start on Genomics England doc
  * MS:  Notes below!
* Team charter doc basic draft in place
  * MS: Good job! Considering switching to GitHub is a good idea. Also really appreciate that you are already thinking about the expert panel's input on the roadmap.

#### What did you struggle with?

* Was lots of fiddly bits to make the newsletter work but now the template in place will be much easier next month.
  * MS: I have never used this before. Great work getting this sorted. I have signed up - maybe sign up for anyone from the leadership team. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* First time lab goatherding
  * MS: Amazing! Looking forward to hearing your take on Slack on CM.
* Getting team charter to a more finished state
  * MS: Really great to see you, HM and MOG are working so well. Looking forward to seeing these documents online.
* Start planning expert panel meeting
  * MS: Consider thinking about the event series with the members. 

#### Where do you need help?

* How to approach RM and AD to write genomics England piece 
  - MS: structure, timeline, allocate people to a topic, curate good examples from the portal

#### Any other topics

* Open life sci application ready to go- shall I submit or do you need to look at it?
  * MS: please go ahead and submit it, happy to review it directly there. 

## Date: 14 December 2021

### Check-in ritual
Enjoyed the chat with you and Kirstie last week about careers and the future!

### Project specific notes

* Has calmed down a bit with the workshops over and the funding call out- nice to have some breathing space!
* Have been trained on the website and have updated it. Have got training this week on the CRM so will be able to prepare a newsletter- will send out early January now. 
* Also putting together a team charter and documents for the expert panel.

### Reflection

#### Who did you help this week?

* I helped deliver events for the Roche community- faciliated the expert panel meeting and also ran a Q&A session for people who weren't able to attend the workshop.

#### Who helped you this week?

* HM checked in around the expert panel which was really nice. Kim helped train me on the website.
* You helped me with a lot of great context and content on the community training session.

#### What did you achieve?

* Facilitated the expert panel meeting
* Updated the Turing-Roche website
* Started preparing docs for expert panel
* Put together a draft document on opportunities to share with Roche community

#### What did you struggle with?

* Struggled thinking about best way to engage expert panel 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Draft the newsletter and template to have it almost ready to go for January (should take a few hours).
* Start on some of the assignments from the community training

#### Where do you need help?

* Finalising the opportunities document to send to the Roche data community

#### Any other topics

- N/A


## Date: 30 November 2021

### Check-in ritual
Meeting everyone yesterday 

### Project specific notes

- Workshop tomorrow
- Team charter (stakeholder mapping) planning with MO this week
- Setting up shared resources (GD, GitHub etc.)
- Expert panel advisory board meeting on Monday (recruitment from both the Turing and Roche)
- Coworking and post selection plans

### Reflection

#### Who did you help this week?
- Helped attendees find groups to present with (spreadsheet was useful)
- AR in getting oriented at workplace

#### Who helped you this week?

- AB and SB ran a workshop on GitHub project management feature (linking public and private repo)
- MO in helping with team charter and agenda
- The first draft will be shared with the board on Monday and will be shared for suggestion on success, scope, risk etc.

#### What did you achieve?

* Coworking calls were good, the format from The Turing Way worked well
* Getting the charter sorted
* Started to think about comms and processes

#### What did you struggle with?

* Scope of expert panel 
    * Doing an icebreaker on Monday to get to know

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Looking forward to the training on 13 Dec
- Started to think about mailing list and newsletter
- Website content revision
- Preparing for the Q&A calls on Monday
    - Format, video, recording from the session
- Revisit the agreement document and see if the timeline needs to be revised
- Newsletter rounding up the Turing-Roche partnership update
    - Scope: Who is and isn't able to sign up?

#### Where do you need help?

* Check with Arielle if TPS newsletter if for internal only
* Setting GitHub repos for the project

#### Any other topics

- Looking forward to projects getting funded
- Building bridge between the Turing and Roche Data Science Community
- Data Study Group


## Date: 23 November 2021

### Check-in ritual

### Before this call

### Agenda and Notes

#### Who did you help this week?

- AH in setting meeting.
- Helping out attendees.

#### Who helped you this week?

- AR in adding illustrations in a chapter
- CH in bouncing off ideas

#### What did you achieve?

* Submitted SMART objective
* Ran the second workshop - hopin was useful for floating around the rooms, white board worked during the day.

#### What did you struggle with?

* Being unaware of what happens in each room is a bit of challenge

#### Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on. 
 Currently planning for Roche workshop 3. Have a couple of optional co-working sessions for attendees this week and early next- think seeing how attended these are will be a useful temperature of current level of engagement. Have started stakeholder/contact mapping and have a good list of what I think may need setting up e.g newsletter- but don't feel at the point that I can 'start' any of these actions just yet.

#### Since last week, review progress youâ€™ve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention?
Have put together a 'to-do' document which has helped focus my thinking on what is needed for the partnership going forward. Also did an Open canvas. Am slightly nervous about ensuring attendees are in working groups for the workshop 3 presentations as not much response so far.

#### Review if we can attract any attention or help highlight your work.
Nothing comes to mind for now.

#### Anything else:
Can you have a public Github but make some documents on it private? Still thinking about where to store Turing-Roche documents going forward

Would like to know how much you involved comms/events in stuff like the Book Dash?

### After this call

N/A



## TEMPLATE: Date: YYYY-MM-DD <-- Please update

### Check-in ritual
(Examples: recognitions (recognize colleagues), sparkling moments (recognize community members), shout-outs)

### Project specific Reflection

*Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on. *
(Since last week, review the progress youâ€™ve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention? Review if we can attract any attention or help highlight your work.)

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

*You can move points from your reflections to the following sections as needed.*

#### Who did you help this week?

Replace this text with a one/two-sentence description of who you helped this week and how.

#### Who helped you this week?

Replace this text with a one/two-sentence description of who helped you this week and how.

#### What did you achieve?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you achieved this week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you would like to work on next week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Where do you need help?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you need help on.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Any other topics

- This space is yours to add to as needed.
- Is there any particular reading/topic/task we want to explore and bring to our next meetings?
