# Weekly Meetings with Emma Karoune 2024

* [05 September 2024](#date-05-september-2024)
* [15 August 2024](#date-15-august-2024)
* [08 August 2024](#date-08-august-2024)
* [11 July 2024](#date-11-july-2024)
* [28 June 2024](#date-28-june-2024)
* [13 June 2024](#date-13-june-2024)
* [23 May 2024](#date-23-may-2024)
* [02 May 2024](#date-02-may-2024)
* [25 April 2024](#date-25-april-2024)
* [18 April 2024](#date-18-april-2024)
* [14 March 2024](#date-14-march-2024)
* [15 February 2024](#date-15-february-2024)
* [09 February 2024](#date-09-february-2024)
* [01 February 2024](#date-01-february-2024)


-----
## 
## Date 05 September 2024

### Check-in ritual
Can't believe summer has gone so quick! Gearing up for a busy September. 

### Project specific Reflection
Focus on events: Slovakia trip, Roche Innovation day, All Hands Meeting and Scholar Celebration event

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Caught new partnership scientific lead DP up with everything community based
* Did shadowing with AP- gave advice on Enrichment students and scholars
* Found DB a Roche speaker for PhD Connect event
  
#### Who helped you this week?
* SM with finalising plans for scholar event- really helpful
* Turing-Roche team with practice Slovakia talk
* AC from Roche Comms- planned a piece on my talk for Roche internal site

#### What did you achieve?
* Sent out August newsletter
* Scholar bits: put together the yearbook from scratch with additions from each student, reviewed JB's and ZS's TTW chapters, posted various scholar conference blogs on Turing website and Health LinkedIn, helped SB and EV with their final scholar events (TSciM and Tech talk), uploaded DT and FT podcasts to YouTube channel
* Scholar celebration event prep: finalised agenda, making slides, prepped external speakers
* Reviewed CDSS paper (do we need to chase NF on this?)
* Finalised Slovakia slides and memorised talk

#### What did you struggle with?
* Lot of short term priorities at the moment so not much long term planning

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Send off yearbook draft to comms
* Final scholar interview recording for KP
* Try and prep Roche innovation day slides
* Tues-Thurs in Slovakia and off on Friday

#### Where do you need help?
N/A

#### Any other topics
* Need to cancel 1:1 next week
* Senior update?

## Date 15 August 2024

### Check-in ritual
Feeling alright this week- definitely seems to have holiday calmed down.

### Project specific Reflection
Focus on scholars stuff and Slovakia slides. Got some really nice feedback from one of the scholars which made my week!

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* EV scholar with tech talk

#### Who helped you this week?
* AC with advice on international relations
* EK with speakers for scholar event! And CH finding me a Roche speaker
* CB gave a great talk on ethics at scholar cohort call

#### What did you achieve?
* GitGood Workshop
* August Scholar Cohort Call
* Drafted Slovakia slides and wrote a quote for their LinkedIn page
* Sorted out merch for scholar celebration event
* Scheduled new co-working and lab meetings till end of year
* Listened to scholar podcasts and did comms about it on Health LinkedIn

#### What did you struggle with?
* Hate making slides haha

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* August newsletter
* Need to review some scholars bits- conference blogs, Turing Way chapter
* Help scholar SB with TSciM event
* Finalise Slovakia slides after leadership review

#### Where do you need help?
* Slides review!

#### Any other topics
N/A


## Date 08 August 2024

### Check-in ritual
Doing ok this week- feel like I've got on top of a few things.

### Project specific Reflection
Hoping to clear my schedule a bit in the next few weeks so I can do the longer term thinking on strategy etc.
* EK - I'm (and MS) very happy to help where we can with the strategy/legacy plan fro Turing-Roche so link us in. 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* TB and CB with AI in Pathology Event!
* DP with advice on networking at event he is running

#### Who helped you this week?
* JF with getting new scholar video up on big screen
* CB with agreeing to talk at Scholar Cohort Call next week
* SF with newsletter formatting on new system

#### What did you achieve?
* AI in Pathology event- got great feedback
 * EK - I also heard great feedback from people about this event so well done! 
* Prepping for Slovakia Future Festival talk
* Onboarded two new PDRAs- EP and VR
* Checked in with the scholars- some exciting outputs like the podcast!
* Put some scholar conference blogs live and did comms
* Caught up with SM- finalising planning for celebration event and planning yearbook

#### What did you struggle with?
* Some scholar stuff a bit behind but hoping they will catchup over summer. Have cohort call next week as a check-in
* General Turing vibes
* Comms- worried about yearbook design timelines but will get assets first and see

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* GitHub workshop delivery!
* Cohort call on Monday (last one ðŸ˜­) and scholar tech-talk event on the Tuesday
* Catching up with AC from international team (much needed)
* More celebration event planning
* Continue drafting Slovakia slides
* Draft August newsletter

#### Where do you need help?
* Feedback on Slovakia slides when I've drafted them a bit more
  * EK - very happy to look at these - exciting talk!

#### Any other topics
N/A


## Date 11 July 2024

### Check-in ritual
Feeling ok this week but a bit reactive- looking forward to having the AI in Pathology event over and then hopefully some more breathing space.

### Project specific Reflection
New postdocs starting so need to onboard them to the project- think it will be a bit of a bitty summer and then back into routine properly in September. Still working on scholars stuff too.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Onboarded EP
* Helped enrichment team with advise about stipend for their community champions
* Partnership team with theory of change discussions

#### Who helped you this week?
* Comms with new newsletter system

#### What did you achieve?
* Got invited to Future Festival in Slovakia!
  * EK - This is amazing news! Congrats! Make sure to shout about this in TPS and Turing! :rocket:
* Did a video interview recording for scholar KP
* Did some scholar celebration event planning with SM- need to try and carve out some time to work on it as keeps getting pushed
* AI Pathology Event Planning

#### What did you struggle with?
* Bit of back and forth with PPIE members that SB and BT helped me sort
  * EK - Well done fro escalating this issue - this is exactly how to handle it.  
* Me and AP met for shadowing but were both quite frazzled so have moved it further down the line
  * Ek - it's fine to make this minimal if you are both busy. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Try and send out newsletter
* Deliver AI Pathology Event!
* Work on some scholar stuff

#### Where do you need help?
* Think all good- appreciate you helping out with AI in Pathology event
  * EK - happy to be online helper - looking forward to it. 

#### Any other topics
N/A


## Date 28 June 2024

### Check-in ritual
Doing ok this week- nice to see TPS people!

### Project specific Reflection
All Hands was the focus this week and also been thinking a bit about the scholars.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* DB with chat about Turing fellows- also will schedule another chat to talk about community management 

#### Who helped you this week?
* BT and SB with recruiting patients for AI Pathology event
* FY and RC with scholar predictive modelling animation video
* CM team with ideas for scholar celebration event
* CB agreed to be speaker at August Cohort Call
* NM with DiSC profile chat

#### What did you achieve?
* Sent June newsletter
* Ran All Hands Meeting on monday- felt like it went well
* Put out two new conference blogs from scholars
* AI Pathology Event planning
* Reviewed scholar animation video

#### What did you struggle with?
* Some partnership bits still not connecting up e.g Enrichment students
* Not heard back from comms re: yearbook- hoping I can just edit a template myself if worse comes to worse

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Brainstorming scholar stuff with SM- will be good to catchup as shes been really busy
* Doing a scholar interview video on Monday
* More AI Pathology Event planning
* Partnership Theory of Change discissions- can we move our 1:1?

#### Where do you need help?
* Interesting to hear about the partnership sitting outside the health grand challenge- intrigued for your thoughts!

#### Any other topics
N/A



## Date 13 June 2024

### Check-in ritual
Doing alright- feeling caught up from holiday now.

### Project specific Reflection
Focus on the scholars again this week and also thinking about all hands meeting coming up. 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Scholars: scheduling next recordings for KP, reviewed SR's predictive modelling animated video, discussing next TSciM event with SB
* Planning meeting on AI Pathology event with TB and CB

#### Who helped you this week?
* EK with TTW chapter integration!
* Comms team ran me through new newsletter platform which I'm excited to use 

#### What did you achieve?
* Prepped June's newsletter
* Ran June Cohort Call for scholars
* Caught up with Roche Comms- AF is doing an event at Roche next week which is interesting
* Book Dash!
* Drafted agenda for All Hands and discussing it with team
  
#### What did you struggle with?
* Collaborative meetings balance between too many and too little, something to think about...
* May's Knowledge Share cancellation... will pick up fresh in September

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Carrying on with All Hands prep 
* AI Pathology event prep
* Scholars end of scheme prep- planning yearbook, end of scheme celebration event and feedback form

#### Where do you need help?
* Any ideas for end of scholar scheme event?

#### Any other topics
N/A

## Date 23 May 2024

### Check-in ritual
Feeling ok despite all the instability! Just trying to tie things up before holiday next week

### Project specific Reflection

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Roche colleague FJ attended our lab meeting- seeded some collaboration with a colleague
* Helped project managers with how we are currently tracking our KPIs and what other trackers we need
* SN with getting a colleague connected with DSG team
* Slack poster with a query about missing data- chased up researchers to get him an answer
* SM researchers with setting up a GitHub repo on Turing-Roche Organisation- question around licensing?

#### Who helped you this week?
* JF with getting scholar video on big screen 

#### What did you achieve?
* Reviewed annual report submission for partnership
* May newsletter
* Drafted Ambassador Scheme chapter
* Scholar bits: filming for two projects, planning for AI Pathology Scholar meeting, attending tech talk and translational science method club event

#### What did you struggle with?
* Still a bit low morale around partnership and missing SM!
  
#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Running Knowledge Share on Tuesday and tying up loose ends before holiday
* Will be focusing on Book Dash when I get back on the 6th 

#### Where do you need help?
N/A

#### Any other topics
Can I submit objectives now?

## Date 02 May 2024

### Check-in ritual
Feeling ok this week- some nice support from the PDRAs and holiday soon!

### Project specific Reflection
Strategy meeting was good to reflect on where we are and impact measurement. Rest of the week has been usual events and comms. 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Strategy meeting on Monday- advocated for the researchers

#### Who helped you this week?
* SM with thoughts on scholar scheme future
  
#### What did you achieve?
* Have forked repositories into GitHub organisation and planned a meeting for putting Structured Missingness code up
* Ran April Knowledge Share- speakers want to connect for a Roche pilot which is great. Uploaded video and follow up
* Made event pages for May Knowledge Share and two scholar events
* Scheduled scholar video filming dates
* Carried on drafting the Ambassador Scheme chapter- hope to try and have a full draft either by the end of the week or early when back from holiday 

#### What did you struggle with?
* Still uncertainities around measuring impact in the partnership

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* On holiday!
* Will be sorting out newsletter and scholar filming when back

#### Where do you need help?
* Objectives- do I just need to fill in on Cezanne? Have forgotten the process.

#### Any other topics
N/A

## Date 25 April 2024

### Check-in ritual
Been a quieter week for once which has been nice!

### Project specific Reflection
Been good to take a bit more stock this week- have managed to do some bitty tasks. 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Scholars: Recorded some slides for KP, reviewed ZS TTW BookDash application, promoted SB's new event

#### Who helped you this week?
* BA with GitHub Organisation questions
* RC with general support for community within the partnership 

#### What did you achieve?
* Prep meeting with April Knowledge Share speakers (and nice feedback on this!)
* Added a section on Structured Missingness to the Wikipedia page
* Made GitHub Organisation
* Updated partnership publication list on website
* Submitted my own brief BookDash application
* Started my TTW early career researcher scheme chapter draft 

#### What did you struggle with?
* Morale still seems a bit down, need to think about co-working and collaborative meetings going forward
* Still no newsletter update from comms- me and SF have postponed our co-working session
  
#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Core/Strategy Meeting on Monday
* April Knowledge Share on Tuesday
* Hosting a Roche colleague on Thursday
* Discussing scholar future plans with SM
* Maybe start May newsletter draft

#### Where do you need help?
* GitHub Organisation: Reproducible Research Template, license
* Lot of holiday in May so can we schedule the performance review meeting?

#### Any other topics
N/A

## Date 18 April 2024

### Check-in ritual
Been a busy month! Have got on top of things a bit more recently.

### Project specific Reflection
Has definitely been a bit of a transistionary time for the partnership but again starting to settle down. 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Was interviewed about the partnership for the annual report
* Helped TB and CB with booking a new date for the AI in Pathology event
* Connected up scholars SB and EV with speakers for their next events

#### Who helped you this week?
* CH with finding me a Roche speaker for April Knowledge Share
* AC, LS and EG for being fairly last minute speakers at the scholar cohort call
* Website team with bugs around event series pages

#### What did you achieve?
* AI UK!! And created Slack Canvas for new people joining
* Guest on Code for Thought Podcast
* Running lab and collaborative meetings
* Drafted text for partnership structured missingness wikipedia entry
* March Knowledge Share
* April Newsletter
* Generally catching up with scholars- scheduled XZ to film at the office, listened to first draft of podcast, uploaded first animation video to YouTube
* Ran April Scholar Cohort Call
* Gave a REG lunchtime tech talk on the partnership
* Some LinkedIn posts and blog for scholar conference attendance
* Filled in annual report

#### What did you struggle with?
* Some push back on new partnership collaborative working- still working it out 

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Working out new newsletter system with SF
* Prepping for April Knowledge Share
* Planning for May co-working sessions
* Potentially start draft on early career researcher scheme TTW chapter

#### Where do you need help?
* Decision on GitHub for partnership 

#### Any other topics
N/A


## Date 14 March 2024

### Check-in ritual
Doing ok, busy again but end of AI UK is in sight haha!

### Project specific Reflection
Have been focusing on internal collaboration this week, with all hands and planning new meetings. And last few AI UK bits

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* TB (scholar) and CB with their AI Pathology event- have now decided to postpone which I think is the right thing to do
  * Expensing food for event needs to be done rather than use inhouse catering as budget is limited.  
* MB and RD- gave advice on their foundational AI potential All Hands Meetings

#### Who helped you this week?
* CRS and EG have been great with preparing the AI UK Demo for us- has been a lot of back and forth 
* Me and AC found a replacement for our UKRN roles

#### What did you achieve?
* Basically finalised AI UK booth bits- sorting out booth slides, sent a doc round with info for all our postdocs and scholars, ordered merch and helped sort pub booking, scheduled LinkedIn health posts
* Ran Feb Knowledge Share
* Ran All Hands Meeting
* Planning for new postdoc community meetings with team and RC
* Contributed to strategy meetings around partnership KPIs
* Took part in Practioner Hub event
* Prepared March newsletter
* Prepped March Knowledge Share 

#### What did you struggle with?
* Being the middle ground in the partnership- definitely a new role for me but will be good to have the new challenge of focusing on internal community too
* Knowledge Share for March went out late, hoping will still get a good amount of attendees

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* After AI UK we have 2 events coming up (knowledge share and tech talk)
* Really need to check back in with the scholar projects and also have April Cohort Call
* Start running co-working sessions for postdocs
  
#### Where do you need help?
* Clinical AI paper- shall I just start writing the report..?
  * EK - decided with TC and Clinical AI organisers to do workshop summary report instead of paper. 
* Anything on the senior RCM side

#### Any other topics
N/A 


## Date 15 February 2024 

### Check-in ritual
Things have finally calmed down a bit which is good! 

### Project specific Reflection
Scholars focus again this week and AI UK stuff getting there.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* EG with iPad dimensions for demo
* SF with new thoughts for the health newsletter

#### Who helped you this week?
* Ben from website team with getting some bugs fixed
* FN and LB with chat about REG/Turing-Roche scholar project overlap
* KG with data protection questions around scholar video projects

#### What did you achieve?
* Scholar cohort call and sent out 6 month report
* Dry run session for one of the scholars video projects
* Follow up with some of the scholars after the cohort call
* Prepped Feb newsletter (on the old system ðŸ˜…)

#### What did you struggle with?
* AI UK artwork but sorted now. Waiting for marketing sign off on merch bits
  
#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Am on holiday from Wednesday- will be prepping the Knowledge Share for when I get back and handing over bits to MA

#### Where do you need help?
* Trying to find a UKRN replacement for me and AC- any recommendations!?
* Any comms for Turing-Roche Knowledge Share

#### Any other topics
N/A

## Date 09 February 2024

### Check-in ritual
Still busy but hopefully its slowing down a bit.

### Project specific Reflection
Focus has been on AI UK, scholars and in-person TCGA Turing-Roche meeting

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
I have basically being doing my own TPS drop in sessions ha: (+ meeting with SF and NJ next week)
  * SA with brainstorming for her own kind of Clinical AI meeting
  * AA with making a Zoom event
  * Met with an Enrichment Student who wanted to know more about Turing-Roche and pointed her to some resources

#### Who helped you this week?
* RC with follow up actions for TCGA meeting

#### What did you achieve?
* Ran all hands type meeting for TR team on TCGA dataset
* Started to edit AI UK comms doc- will do more on this soon
* Attending TR Core meeting
* Other AI UK bits:
  * Ordered furniture
  * Got stickers ready to order
  * Designed postcards
  * Meeting with REG for interactive demo
* Knowledge Share follow up
* Attended scholar coffee chat and connecting her with REG so we can talk about overlap
* Caught up with scholars doing podcast project
* Catch up with Roche comms
* Comms for Feb Knowledge Share

#### What did you struggle with?
* Clinical AI paper meeting being cancelled and lack of repsonsbility
* No training from comms yet and need to start Feb newsletter
* Bureaucracy around merch ordering

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Scholar cohort call and a few other scholar catchups
* Send out scholar 6 month report
* Finish off some other AI UK bits
* Generally catchup 

#### Where do you need help?
* Blog for scholars conference output- LinkedIn as website not ready?

#### Any other topics
* Contract change for having every other friday off


## Date 01 February 2024

### Check-in ritual
Been a busy few weeks! But grateful for the partnership team helping me get back up to speed

### Project specific Reflection
Main focus has been catching up with scholars and AIUK bits, amongst normal bits like knowledge share and newsletter.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?
* Scholars with various project bits- EV did her first event, reviewing storyboard for XZ, reviewing video script for KP
* Onboarded new postdoc FY
* Spoke to a community member about the partnership and their grant

#### Who helped you this week?
* MA covered me well, SM also helped pick up some scholar bits whilst I was off

#### What did you achieve?
* Got REG and partnership team together to discuss interactive demo for AI UK
* Wrote a post on AIUK for Roche internal comms
* Goatherding Turing-Roche/Clinical AI paper
* Ran January Knowledge Share and uploaded video
* Ran a mini All Hands meeting
* Set up Feb Knowledge Share papge
* Planned for AIUK booth both by myself and with SM and MA in a meeting

#### What did you struggle with?
* Haven't been as prepared for meetings as I normally would be but has been ok!
* Supporting a scholar with whether to stay in the scheme]
* Hoping I'll get newsletter training soon- AM has looped me in

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Review CM paper- is their a deadline for this?
* Design and order AIUK bits
* Sorting out more scholar bits- data protection for XZ video, run through of KP's interview video recording
* Prepping for Feb scholar cohort call
* In-person Turing-Roche meeting next week so need to sort agenda and logistics

#### Where do you need help?
* Florence's LinkedIn blog

#### Any other topics
* Is health comms plan on hold?
* After AIUK - to do comms plan that includes hiring a part time comms person to assist VH.







## TEMPLATE: Date: YYYY-MM-DD <-- Please update

### Check-in ritual
(Examples: recognitions (recognize colleagues), sparkling moments (recognize community members), shout-outs)

### Project specific Reflection

*Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on. *
(Since last week, review the progress youâ€™ve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention? Review if we can attract any attention or help highlight your work.)

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

*You can move points from your reflections to the following sections as needed.*

#### Who did you help this week?

Replace this text with a one/two-sentence description of who you helped this week and how.

#### Who helped you this week?

Replace this text with a one/two-sentence description of who helped you this week and how.

#### What did you achieve?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you achieved this week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you would like to work on next week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Where do you need help?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you need help on.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Any other topics

- This space is yours to add to as needed.
- Is there any particular reading/topic/task we want to explore and bring to our next meetings?
