## 2024-07-30

### Project specific reflection
* Got very good feedback from KW and VM about the [Capsules of AI Knowledge](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKye1Lz8=/?share_link_id=421607525075)
* ISAs/AAs community Call was very task specific

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
* [Capsules of AI Knowledge](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKye1Lz8=/?share_link_id=421607525075) - This week there will be feedback sessions with:
    * AIGovernance (30 July)
    * IUK Comms Grace Butler - (31 July)
    * IUK - Sara Al-Hanfy (01 August)
* [AI Insight Chats Series](https://thealanturininstitute.sharepoint.com/:w:/s/ISA/EaSPcyTthblCn6CXhqLcjLIBWN6U950Jy4rpnd7cinYyPw?e=lgTB2V)    
    * 17 September [Skills Planning](https://thealanturininstitute.sharepoint.com/:w:/r/sites/ISA/Shared%20Documents/Comms/AI%20Insight%20Chat%20Series/Skills%20AI%20Insight%20Chat.docx?d=wbe403b4e2eca4d89bb7a1a2af9246cc0&csf=1&web=1&e=OfPEW4)
    * AI Governance: they need to move their date to November
    * TTW PH: can we have the session in October? Keivan Navaie could be great speaker. He could cover regulations around Open-Source models and software and risk mitigation 
* Case Studies: KW approved the budget and SG has scheduled initial interviews with Andy C., Rachael S., Kit CW. and PY. We are struggling with JH as they want us to write organisation specific case studies. KW and VM is backing me up to scope theme case studies
* [BridgeAI Github page](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/BridgeAI): add bi-weekly announcements

### Who did you help this week?
* Widening Participation workshop
* Skills team connection with ISAs
* AIGovernance: connectionwith ISAs for feedback about the use case framework

### Who helped you this week?
* Ella
* RCM team
* Ayesha

### What did you achieve?
* July's community Call
* Finished the storyboard for the 'Capsules of AI Knowledge'
* [BridgeAI Github page](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/BridgeAI)

### What did you struggle with?
* 

### What would you like to work on next week?
- BridgeAI Monthly team meeting (5 August) --> I have 10 min to present the CM cohesive activities, would like to find a creative /impactful way to share the overall connections from all workstreams and external delivery partners. Note from previous meeting with MS
    - 10 minutes to reflect on deep work to explain the cohesive initiatives. **monthly slide** 
    - The ones that I am already doing 
    - the opportunities that can see happening: analysis and proposals 
    - things that are NOT happening
    - Ask from the community -- Agriculture 
    - ask for feedback and participation
- Prepare the material for a long meeting with KW about ISA recruitment strategy:
    - map ISAs + AAs: start and end contract
    - level of contributions per ISA

Notes (30 July):
- KW meeting, task/task description and beyond the role (google sheet with info)
- Assess the bespoke advice and templates --> ask help from PM 
- RACI matrix (BridgeAI)
- Engage on Slack 


## 2024-07-15

### Project specific reflection
* TTW PH case studies publication
* BridgeAI Community budget

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
* KW Feedback
* Balance between shallow and deep work
* improve internal comms

### Who did you help this week?
* MMU organisers


### Who helped you this week?
* Ella
* Andy

### What did you achieve?
* MMU Event
* Presentation at DCE Community Call with Dominca

### What did you struggle with?
* Reflecting on KW feedback and publication problem with IUK

### What would you like to work on next week?
- MMU Event: Developing an AI Ecosystem for SMEs: the support available, local stakeholders and implementation
- Capsules of AI Knowledge Storyboard


Priorities:
- impact
- paper
- risk assessment
- BridgeAI Update meeting: 10 minutes to reflect on deep work to explain the cohesive initiatives. **monthly slide** 
    - The ones that I am already doing 
    - the opportunities that can see happening: analysis and proposals 
    - things that are NOT happening
- Community cohesiveness priority for me
- BridgeAI Github community page: bi-weekly
- Objectives
- Pause case studies
- Case study framework
## 2024-07-02

### Project specific Reflection
* Capsules of AI Knowledge
* AI insight chats
* Survey and wrap up process
* Budget - Community Activities: Case studies, Capsules of AI Knowlege and In-person Showcase

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
* Prioritise the objectives
