
* [TEMPLATE](#TEMPLATE)
* [21 June 2022](#date-21-June-2022)
* [28 June 2022](#date-28-June-2022)
* [5 July 2022](#date-5-July-2022)
* [12 July 2022](#date-12-July-2022)
* [19 July 2022](#date-19-July-2022)
* [26 July 2022](#date-26-July-2022)
* [16 August 2022](#date-16-August-2022)
* [30 August 2022](#date-30-August-2022)
* [14 September 2022](#date-14-September-2022)
* [20 September 2022](#date-20-September-2022)
* [5 October 2022](#date-5-October-2022)
* [12 October 2022](#date-12-October-2022)
* [18 October 2022](#date-18-October-2022)
* [26 October 2022](#date-26-October-2022)
* [1 November 2022](#date-1-November-2022)
* [8 November 2022](#date-8-November-2022)
* [25 November 2022](#date-25-November-2022)
* [10 January 2023](#date-10-January-2023)
* [24 January 2023](#date-24-January-2023)
* [14 February 2023](#date-14-February-2023)
* [23 February 2023](#date-23-February-2023)
* [2 March 2023](#date-2-March-2023)



## Date: 2 March 2023

**Check-in ritual**

### Project specific Reflection

Very meeting-heavy week so far with little time to actually do things. However, some of those meetings were great: e.g. meeting up with ECRs, having the Shiny workshop on Wednesday and the ECR session happening later today :blush:

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
- not much, unless there's anything we still need to discuss about my year objectives?

#### Who did you help this week?

I was a helper at the Shiny workshop, does that count? :joy:

#### Who helped you this week?

I'm super grateful to the guest speaker at today's ECR session for agreeing to do it so last minute üíñ

#### What did you achieve?

- Met with ECRs for onboarding ü•∞
- I set up everything on a planning/chairing side for the Shiny workshop, which I think went pretty well. I'm gonna ask people who could only make it for part of it to join the next Collab Cafe for a flipped classroom experiment!
- We have a logo? :scream: (I didn't achieve that but that's still a relief)
- Carpentries stuff - I had to organise the first meeting of the Curriculum Advisoty Committee for my lesson and it's a pain wiht an 11-hour timezone span üôà
- We have an RSF Zenodo community :muscle:

#### What did you struggle with?

- Time. This week has been contnuous meetings more or less.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Some urgent RSF things - feeback on more images, conference planning
- Editing and sharing video from workshop
- Archiving materials

#### Where do you need help?

- I'm fine, just need time.

#### Any other topics


## Date: 23 February 2023

**Check-in ritual**
One of the ECRs invited me to in-person coffee next week üíñ 

### Project specific Reflection
I've had a fair amount of contact with ECRs this week which is nice - new starters and people interested in the DSG/who want access to the GitHub org.
There's been decent registration numbers for the Shiny workshop.

Otherwise, I've not been very productive üôà This is partly because of meetings/admin/external obligations and partly because I'm still struggling with my concentration.
The logo discussions have also been a bit intense.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
- The year goals!

#### Who did you help this week?
- SB with some organisational stuff about the logo and illustrations

#### Who helped you this week?
- MM is getting in touch with one of the consortia to help me with publishing some of their outputs
- RB (not within AIM) has been helpful with (maybe) finding a speaker for the ECR session last-minute.

#### What did you achieve?
- Organised and chaired the Collab Cafe
- General Shiny workshop organisation stuff
- Admin (reporting/goal-setting)

#### What did you struggle with?
- I'm struggling with focusing on a single task
- The logo stuff has been stressing me out

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Find someone for the ECR session
- Facilitate the workshop next week
- Catch up on some facilitation training

#### Where do you need help?
- Setting my goals!

#### Any other topics

## Date: 14 February 2023

**Check-in ritual**

### Project specific Reflection
Last week was a little slow while I was adjusting to being back to work after COVID. I seem to still be getting migraines more, so we'll see how that goes. Other than that, I've made some progress on getting my inbox and to-do lists to be more organised and made some progress with event planning.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
- Team expansion
- I volunteered for a project working on materials for code reproducibility

#### Who did you help this week?
- I've had to do a bit more Carpentries stuff then usual last week (our lesson moved to a new infrastructure and I've had to take on a bit more responsibility within the Curriculum Advisory Board)

#### Who helped you this week?
- Everyone in TPS/RSF has been really understanding when I need to duck out of meetings.

#### What did you achieve?
- I have everything ready to open registrations for a Shiny workshop on 1 March
- I invited the consortia to the Collab Cafe this week, highlighting the DSG
- I onboarded 4 new ECRs :tada:
- I'm getting my tasks back on the GitHub project board
- I made some headway with planning the ECR sessions further into the future
- I'm following up with people about sharing outputs from the consortia
- Lots of meetings üò´

#### What did you struggle with?
- Online meetings take it out of me in a way they didn't used to?
- Reshuffling responsibilities as the team expands
- Prioritising
   - EK - hang in there as it will get smoother once you have sorted out what everyones roles are.  

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Actually advertise the Shiny workshop
- Organise workshops series on version control
- Run the Collab Cafe on Thursday
- Create a Zenodo community for the RSF

#### Where do you need help?
- I'm alright actually!

#### Any other topics
- we must do your performance objectives - please draft for me to review next week. 

## Date: 24 January 2023

**Check-in ritual**
One of the project managers of the AIM consortia is a delight to work with - just super on top of things ‚ú®

### Project specific Reflection
This is about two weeks ago since I was away last week:

- The R workshop had very few attendees but I got very positive feedback from the people who were there.
- It was very useful to attend the Community of Practice meeting - very interesting to hear about the common issues we're having and how the MRC consortia are approaching things differently.
- It was also really nice to be in the office and see EI and KW in person üòä

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

- I don't have much to discuss really, I mostly need to get on with things.

#### Who did you help this week?

- I put RS in contact with someone from the consortia who should be able to help with a question/blocker.

#### Who helped you this week?

- SB has gotten a bunch of people on to the RSF Slack üöÄ

#### What did you achieve?

- This week, I cleared my inbox and watched most the Bob's business stuff üòÖ
- The week before my AL was super busy with the final R workshop, and travelling to Leicester and London.

#### What did you struggle with?

- The size of my post-holiday to-do list üíÅ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- FAIR data/open science workshop
- Plan a new training series on version control/GitHub - with more people this time!
- Lots of following up on things and chasing people
- Need to review some things I promised I would review before going on holiday
- Meetings!

#### Where do you need help?
- I'm alright mostly, mostly a question of sitting down and getting things done.

#### Any other topics

- Nope!

## Date: 10 January 2023

**Check-in ritual**
A new colleague has joined the RSF üéâ

### Project specific Reflection
- Not much to report really as this is the first week back for most people!

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

- I'm meeting up with one of the Communities of Practice on Wednesday, partly to look for areas to collaborate
- I'm a little stuck with trying to support consortia with getting access to data.

#### Who did you help this week?

- EI (our new colleague) with getting with GitHub and Slack.

#### Who helped you this week?

- Well I haven't spoken to many people this week üòÇ But I was able to reuse some of SB's slides for the talk I'm giving about the RSF on Wednesday!
- It has been reassuring to hear from people that they've struggled to get back to work after the holidays üíó

#### What did you achieve?

- I have a presentation for Wednesday!

#### What did you struggle with?

- Winter is always hard for me and my brain has been very uncooperative the last month. Thankfully that's improving üòä

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Teaching the final R workshop today.
- Presenting about the RSF on Wednesday and learning about other work on MLTC in the UK - I think this meeting could be super useful!
- Looking forward to meeting with the whole RSF on Thursday.
- I'm specifically trying to figure out how to develop guidance on applying for healthcare data. This is something that basically all the consortia have needed support with and there is now expertise on it both within the RSF and within the consortia. However, I feel like I myself don't understand enough about the topic and the difficulties to know how to organise this.
- I'm meeting up with one AIM member who volunteered to teach some technical skills - really excited about that üéâ
- I need to record my part of the OLS graduation presentation üôà

- EK - this all sounds great! Great work. :star:

#### Where do you need help?

- I mostly need a time machine üòÑ
- Some tips on how to organise support on a topic I'm not familiar with would be helpful!
   - EK - access to data -> SAIL database. Speak to the people that have done it and make the knowledge transparent and accessible somewhere. 
   - EK - read the goldacre review - https://www.goldacrereview.org/
- I also always feel a bit rubbish at networking so any tips for the meeting on Wednesday would be much appreciated.
   - EK - wear your alan turing badge. Find out who is going and see you you want to meet, introduce yourself to people, tell them about AIM-RSF. 

#### Any other topics

- Happy New Year!

## Date: 25 November 2022

**Check-in ritual**
I got some lovely feedback about the R workshops on Tuesday ‚ú®

### Project specific Reflection

- The R sessions are going well - one left now
- Slack is also going fine, though it is still fairly quiet
- From previous weeks: we've made some progress with comms!
- The GDPR question has stalled :(

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

- Slack and GDPR
- EK - great work with slack, please send the GDPR email response to MO.

#### Who did you help this week?

- I'm helping a bunch of people learn R? üíÅ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è

#### Who helped you this week?

- RK and EM were great with helping at the data viz workshop :blush:

#### What did you achieve?

- R workshop
- probation meeting

#### What did you struggle with?

- I've been working long hours the last couple of weeks and it's caught up with me

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- nothing! (On annual leave)

#### Where do you need help?


#### Any other topics


## Date: 8 November 2022

**Check-in ritual**
Last week's R workshops attendees somehow made no typos??

### Project specific Reflection

Things are really intense at the moment but I'm holding it together.
I've been doing a lot of socialising with the community members this week which has been fantastic üíó
- the R workshop went really well and I got some really nice feedback,
- I've been prioritising meeting new hires in one-to-one chats which has been lovely
- the ECR lunchtime session didn't have a massive turnout but we had a really nice chat and someone even fed back that they immediately had a use case for HackMD üôÄ
- I had a PI show up to the office hours which was really nice (he's part of the CoP for stats I'm building connections with)
- I met up with another person from the CoP from MRC and she was absolutely lovely and has tons of relevant expertise
   - EK - this sounds like great community building work! :raised_hands: 


### Notes to discuss during 1:1

I will have just had a meeting with the acting DPO so I'll probably want to catch you up on that.
Points from the discussion:
- can you get rid of someone data - look at chapter in TTW sensitive data chapters.
- Can a search be done on GitHub for someones information - what about private repositories? how are they accessed by a search or someone that does not have access to them?
- international data transfer

#### Who did you help this week?

I'm spending literally the entire day tomorrow travelling to and from Manchester for a panel I'm doing for the Skills team.
   - EK - thanks for doing this. 

#### Who helped you this week?

SB is taking on meeting with our OLS6 mentor tomorrow while I'm in Manchester

#### What did you achieve?

the notes from above +
- prepping for and delivering the R sessions and the ECR lunchtime sessions
- doing some more work on Slack channels
- participated in the panel for mental health yesterday

#### What did you struggle with?

- Time, obviously, but I know I'm doing too much right now.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- More R workshops
- Actually launch Slack and the info sharing on GitHub
- Focus and do some writing on the report from the survey for the NIHR

#### Where do you need help?

- Have you ever set up a Slack bot?

#### Any other topics

- I have some questions about flexible working I'd like your input on
- EK - working abroad - https://mathison.turing.ac.uk/Interact/Pages/Content/Document.aspx?id=2304&SearchId=116655&utm_source=interact&utm_medium=quick_search&utm_term=working+ab

## Date: 1 November 2022

**Check-in ritual**
I did a rebase üôÄ

### Project specific Reflection
- I've been doing a bunch of things this week and potentially for the first time ever I actually did all the things I said I would do in our last meeting :joy:
- Some things are getting unblocked in terms of comms
- The GDPR is still a bit of a thorn in my side

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

- The GDPR :tada:
- EK - thanks for tackling this and let's write this up for the CM team when you have finished this work. 

#### Who did you help this week?

* SB - did some of her tasks while she was unwell.

#### Who helped you this week?




#### What did you achieve?
- I restructured two repos, one to share materials from RSF events and one to collect people's bios and wrote up an email to inform people about those + Slack
- I don't think it's an achievement, but I'm reading the GDPR *again*, yay
- I've practised the R workshop and am cautiously optimistic

#### What did you struggle with?


#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Prep for the next R workshop + R office hours
* ECR lunchtime session
* Write down some event documentation
* Follow up on some to-dos from last week (contacting people from Collab Cafe and the Carpentries talk) that fell through the cracks
* Keep trying to push Slack

#### Where do you need help?

* Any tips on Slack channels?
* EK - add an appreciation channel, introductions channel if there is not one already.

#### Any other topics
- I actually started playing with Git Kraken and it's not as scary as I thought it was

## Date: 26 October 2022

**Check-in ritual**
More people showed up to the Collaboration Cafe than I was expecting :sparkles:
    * EK - this is great - well done. :tada:

### Project specific Reflection
- It feels like things are ramping up again: I have a few workshops to get through in November and I recently realised we need to run two DSGs with the RSF by the end of the project on top of the conference we need to plan for Spring 2023.
- We are also currently having disucssions around branding for the RSF
- There has been an update on the UoE position

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
- I'd like to have a place where people can go and see what other consortia are working on but I'm not sure a) what level of detail is useful while making sure this document isn't too chaotic and b) how to help people connect to each other
    - Slack will be relevant here. I was also thinking we could tag people's GitHub usernames? It feels less "intrusive" than sharing their email for example (which has already been decided we will not do on GitHub)
    - EK - a simple document is a good place to start and then on your website sounds the mnost useful way to display it if you want to make it more visible. 

#### Who did you help this week?
- I don't know if it counts as helping but I reassured SB we can definitely cancel today's workshop since she's ill?
#### Who helped you this week?
- RS was super helpful during the GitHub workshop and after when we tried to figure out what was going on with permissions

#### What did you achieve?
- Gave the GitHub workshop: it went okay, but we had issues with permissions which meant I couldn't get through everything I'd planned.
- I finished making the survey plots :tada:
- I chaired the Collaborations Cafe
- I gave a talk about the RSF at the UK Carpentry community call

#### What did you struggle with?
- I felt quite embarassed about how the GitHub workshop went, but I did learn from it and we've documented what went wrong so we'll know to avoid the same mistakes in the future.
    - EK - don't worry about this. These things happen - just learn from it. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?
 - Prep for the R workshops (send reminders, coordinate with helper, hold office hours, practise)
 - Draft an email to inform people we will be adding them to Slack and get feedback from RSF Ops
 - Restructure one of the private GH repos to use for sharing resources from our events (links to recordings, HackMDs)
 - Finish writing up the information about their work that the consortia have shared with us; the idea is to share this on the repo I mention above so AIM members have an idea of who else is working on similar topics to them. This needs to be vetted by the people that shared this info with us (PIs and ECRs)

#### Where do you need help?

- I'm not sure. I know how to do most things I want to do (except for the information sharing doc; I'd love your tips there). The issue is finding the time to fit them all in.

#### Any other topics

## Date: 18 October 2022

**Check-in ritual**
CO can't be there at the Collab Cafe on Thursday but found **THREE** people to step in ü•∞

### Project specific Reflection

Things have been alright - I've been working on the GitHub workshop for this afternoon mostly.
Being in the office on Thursday and Friday last week stole a lot of the focus time I had reserved :cry:
I started having weekly meetings with SB and DC yesterday which is nice!
  * EK - the weekly meetings sound a good plan.  

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

- Can we have a look at the CM reporting and see if there's anything else I need to add?
  * EK - we reviewed this together. 
- I started going to a Coding Club to learn more advanced stuff in R (writing functions, packages etc.). It's one hour a week and I quite missing learning R things, is that okay?
  * EK - I love the idea of a Turing coding club. Maybe we should start this? 

#### Who did you help this week?

I'm not sure I did üôà

#### Who helped you this week?

- RS is helping me with the workshop this afternoon and has volunteered to lead a discussion on syntetic dataset on Thursday :sparkles:
- Also huge appreciation to CO üíõ

#### What did you achieve?

- Did lots of work the last few days on the GitHub workshop to adapt for the RSF
- Created Issues for people to work on which also meant experimenting a little bit with the JupyterBook SB set up for the Glossary.
- I'm linking up with the community of practice for statistic, also funded by the NIHR.

#### What did you struggle with?

- I still haven't finished the survey :cry:

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Third time lucky? Survey!
- I still have some prep to do for the Collab Cafe
- Running this week's events - GH workshop & Collab cafe
- I'd love to do some documenation work on running events that's fallen through the cracks.

#### Where do you need help?



#### Any other topics
* EK - Any ideas what you will do in TTW bookdash? 


## Date: 12 October 2022

**Check-in ritual**
I asked three people from the consortia to help out with R workshops and they all said yes ü•∞
* EK - this is great! :tada:  

### Project specific Reflection

Last week was taken up largely with non-RSF things but I've been able to get things back on track a bit more since Monday.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

Not much to discuss this week actually!

#### Who did you help this week?

- SN from the Skills team with one of their courses
- DC with chairing yesterday's Open Seminar

#### Who helped you this week?

- I'm really grateful to RH, RK, and EM from the consortia for agreeing to help out with the R workshops :blush:

#### What did you achieve?

* Presented at King's about TTW with ALS
* Chaired the ECR lunchtime session
* Advertised R workshops and got 12 sign ups since yesterday
* Made progress with the survey data analysis though it's not quite finished yet.

#### What did you struggle with?

* OLS feels like too much right now üôà
* EK - only do the tasks that are relevant and needed by your project. You don't need to do them all or any really. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Actually finish the survey analysis and start writing some text for it
* Prep for the GitHub workshop next week
* Prep for the Collab Cafe next week

#### Where do you need help?

* I'm actually doing alright at the moment.

#### Any other topics

- I don't think I can make it to the AI Health interest group meetings - I'm trying to contain work things between 9:00 - 17:30ish.

## Date: 5 October 2022

**Check-in ritual**
I had a lovely meeting with people from CISC/UoE :sparkles:

### Project specific Reflection
September has been intense in general, last week was no exception. I'm happy with how the Connections workshop went and I had a lot of good/useful meetings, but at the end of it I was completely wiped. This week I've been working on events: the talk at King's, the ECR event and organising/advertising the training events this month.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
I'm stuck on a loop of being low on time, which makes it difficult to connect with AIM members outside of events. Because at the moment I need to be reaching out to people to get them to present/talk/teach at events I end up slotting myself in to lead more events than I would want.

#### Who did you help this week?
- I'm speaking with ALS about TTW at King's üíñ
   * EK - well done to you and Anne :star:

#### Who helped you this week?
- DC has preemptively checked if I can actually give a talk that I don't think I have the capacity to give üôà
- SB forgot we had a meeting to work on RoPA together and figured it out herself üòÇüíõ

#### What did you achieve?
- Connections workshop ‚úîÔ∏è
- Convinced some of the PMs to join the next Collab Cafe
- Advertised the GitHub workshops and got a pretty good response
- Worked on the survey data

#### What did you struggle with?
- The loop I mentioned above

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Present at King's
- Chair/present at the ECR lunchtime session
- Finish analysing the survey data
- Contact RSF and AIM people to get them to join the Collab Cafe
- Contast AIM people to ask them to present at the ECR lunchtime session
- Contact AIM people to ask them if they would like to help out with R training

#### Where do you need help?
- As always, prioritising üôà
   * EK - I'm suggesting not doing any extra events or talks for the rest of the year - only do AIM RSF related ones that must happen. And also try to cut down on unnecessary meetings. Sending the occasional apologies to a meeting with your updates to get more time to work is fine. 

#### Any other topics
Not really!

## Date: 20 September 2022

**Check-in ritual**
PPIE month (turned PPIE week) was excellent :tada:
    * EK - sounds like all events were a success so great work!

### Project specific Reflections
Lessons learned:

- Don't plan all events on the same week!
- Preparing topics for people to discuss always helps.
- Having multiple hosts/co-hosts is really helpful.
- Using GitHub discussions is good for people with no experience on GH.
- Having someone on hand to give instructions on using GitHub would be great.

* EK - I will check in with IT about the internet.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
- How events went

#### Who did you help this week?
SB with PPIE month/week

#### Who helped you this week?
- SB was amazing with PPIE month/week and helping out with Collab Cafe
- RS and MM were great to have there in the Collab Cafe too

#### What did you achieve?
- I'm very happy about how Collab Cafe went
- I worked on Connections workshop stuff
* EK - You also supported the other events. 

#### What did you struggle with?
- Time and the Turing internet :joy:

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Meetings to plan various events/collab things in AIM (Slack, GitHub for Project Management, Sharing code)
    - https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/project-design/sdpw/trew.html
- **Schedule training (priority!)**
- Analyse survey data
- Contact people to book them for ECR Lunchtime sessions

#### Where do you need help?

#### Any other topics


## Date: 14 September 2022

**Check-in ritual**
I'm very excited that RS has joined the RSF team :sparkles:

### Project specific Reflection
A lot of things are happening this month! That's exciting, but I also feel like I'm losing my grip on things a little. That's not great, as I'm not able to focus on the things I need to. This is exacerbated this week as I came back to a bit of a backlog after RSECon. Hopefully I'll be able to clear some things this week and be back to a more normal state next week ü§û

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
- I submitted my probation review; does that look alright?
- I'm a little freaked out by the Collaboration Cafe session on Thursday. I'm somehow worried both that people will not show up and that they will but won't find it useful üôà

#### Who did you help this week?

#### Who helped you this week?
- SB has been great with handling communications for the RSF (the website, the promotion packs etc.)
- REG team members were really welcoming and friendly last week at RSECon ü•∞

#### What did you achieve?
- Last week not so much
    - I was at RSECon for most of the time, which was a lot of fun! I learned about Quatro which I've been meaning to look into for a while. I also learned about software licensing and publication and a tool that should help with publication eventually but is not yet ready. I also helped host a panel session on a project I've been working on for a while called Coding Confessions. I also finally met most of the people I worked on this with, except for Patricia!
    - I'm way too excited about this but I was able to put some people from the consortia in touch with each other when one needed the other's help
    - I submitted my probation review and worked on some other admin things
    - Meetings/working on Connections workshop
    - I also had to spend some time on Carpentries things
- The survey is live and with a lot of emails we have 20 responses - I don't think I'm getting more at this point. I'm very excited that one person shared their email for the purpose of them being contacted to teach in the RSF :tada:
- I started a report on skills gaps and training needs
- I chaired the first ECR Lunchtime session for the academic year on 1 September. 

#### What did you struggle with?
- I've been feeling really drained the last week and it's been difficult to focus on tasks. That's been impacting my ability to prioritise; even though I know what needs to be done, I get distracted by things that need to be done eventually (forgetting I can't do everything this week).

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Prep for and run the Collaborations Cafe
    - make intro slides or general spiel about the Collab Cafes
    - create a space on GitHub for people to add training resources
    - create a HackMD, ideally with activities for people
    - update calendar invite to share HackMD and act as a reminder it's happening
- I'm attending a workshop on interpersonal skills (receiving feedback)
- The skills gaps and training needs document

#### Where do you need help?
- Not sure; I know what I need to do and I know how to do it, but I'm finding it difficult to find the focus/mental space
    * EK - You are doing great so keep going. :smile:  
- One thing I'm not so sure how to do is changing a GitHub repository; it's currently a repo for the GitHub workshop but it should be a repo for training in general with a folder for the GitHub repo. But the repo is synced with Zenodo and I don't know what happens if I stop the integration and rename the repository.

#### Any other topics
- Can you approve [this PR](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/pull/2636) to add my name to the TTW project members?
* EK - this is done!

* EK - let's book a chat about Elixir and the training they do that can fit with RSF. 

## 30 August 2022

**Check-in ritual**
- Shout out to HS who agreed to help out with a lunchtime session ‚ú®
  - EK - this is great idea to use TTW as an example of how to use github.

### Project specific Reflection
I've made some progress with training and event planning, but some things are still a little stuck.
Hopefully the meetings with other RSF members today will be helpful.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
- Training plan
  - EK - Github basics and R training sounds like a good plan for this autumn.
  - Also making a list of resources available is a good idea.

#### Who did you help this week?
- I helped SB and GA with editing some text for AutSPACES ethics

#### Who helped you this week?
- HS agreed to help out with a lunchtime session ‚ú®

#### What did you achieve?
- I incorporated feedback to the survey from community managers and RSF members
- I sent out the survey to all AIM researchers and project managers
- I sent out invites to ECR Lunchtime sessions and Collab Cafes until the end of 2022
- I planned the next ECR Lunchtime session
- I have a tentative plan for training in Autumn
- I started working on my probation review

#### What did you struggle with?
- I had to email a bunch of people and I found it difficult figuring out what events and information to share with whom
  - EK - making your work more transparent will help to share all your work - website, slack, github repo.  

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Attend RSF meetings
- ECR Lunchtime session (reminders, prep, chairing)
- Start skills gaps and training document
- Submit the probation review
- Other meetings

#### Where do you need help?
- This week: feedback on the probation review

#### Any other topics


## Date: 16 August 2022

**Check-in ritual**

### Project specific Reflection
Things were kind of slow the last couple of weeks, partly because of personal things and partly because people were away.
There has been some progress though: I've met with all project managers now, given the first GitHub follow-up session, have a version of the skills/training survey I'm reasonably happy with, and started organsing things a bit more on GitHub.
SB and I also started having weekly sync ups which I think will be very useful.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
- I'd love some feedback on the survey to assess skill gaps and training needs.
- Supervision style.

#### Who did you help this week?
I helped out SB during our sync up last Friday.

#### Who helped you this week?
- SB explained how to work with GitHub to manage projects, which was excellent :sparkles:
- AD gave some excellent feedback on the survey I've been working with üíñ

#### What did you achieve?
- I've now met with all AIM project managers
- I've made a list of the asks from the consortia members (project managers, ECRs, PIs) I've spoken with
- I've set up a meeting with PIs from one of the consortia
- I've given the first follow-up GitHub session
- I have a version of the survey I'm happy with
- SB and I have been working on a shared project board with tasks for the AIM RSF organisation
- I've started working on onboarding docs and an event preparation checklist
- Attended the CM training
- Helped out with and attended CarpentryCon sessions

#### What did you struggle with?
- I've been going through some personal stuff that't affected my concentration.
- Some blockers in RSF planning
 - internal comms - slack
 - website - EK will contact comms about this. 
 - Info RoPa

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Pilot the survey on CMs and adjust based on feedback
- Give the next follow-up GitHub session
- Send invites for the next regular ECR sessions
- Present at the Whitaker lab meeting

#### Where do you need help?
- I'd love some feedback on the survey
- Some of the blockers we've been stuck on

EK - onboarding documents on Github repo - how is that going? 

EK - survey feedback
* Q2 - change other academic staff to academic infrastructure roles, just clinical staff is ok I think - they could put something in other if they want. or clinical - doctor versus clinical research staff?
* Q3 - I suspect that most of them will not understand what we mean by open and repro so they will probably be satisfied - what do you want to get out of this question? is it really needed?
* Q4 - is good ! Make fair principles as a separate option to open data and code. I think I would have FAIR, open data and code, reproducible research, research data/software management, open access publishing. 
* Section 3 - do you think you need to define the topics more - short definitions so thats people are super clear what each is about?
* Q12 - do you want to add Git?
* Section 4 topics need to be defined as well - maybe also add working in secure environments - I'm thinking of the accredited researcher training that is needed for data safe havens. I think we need to start offering that - we could get this maybe free through ONS. 
* What do you think healthcare in the UK is? - about structure of NHS primary and secondary care or more about health data research environment in UK? seems very wide topic.
* could also add healthcare legal framework here - gdpr, NHS NDOO etc, [caldicott guardian/prinicples](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caldicott_Report#Caldicott_principles) and this https://www.england.nhs.uk/ig/ig-resources/
* this platform can be used for training for nhs data security - https://www.e-lfh.org.uk/programmes/data-security-awareness/
* Section 5 - writing collab documents add google docs here too, science communication - very wide - what do you mean? writing for wider audiences? using communication tools?


#### Any other topics

## Date: 26 July 2022

**Check-in ritual**
I had a lovely conversation with the project manager of one of the consortia about ways of sharing code while keeping the data private.

### Project specific Reflection
Last week has been dominated by the GitHub session and meetings with consortia members.
All in all, both have been pretty good and I'm trying to fix the things that are less good ‚ú®

I did notice, however, that I've not been making as much progress as I'd wanted to on some of the objectives I'd set for myself in my probation document (e.g. skill gaps, strategy to relaunch the ECR sessions).
  * EK - keep these tasks in mind and keep plugging away at them.  

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
- I've heard from my meetings with consortia members about relevant communities and I'm not sure how much it makes sense to try to connect with them.
- Approach to meeting project managers.
- Approach to collecting information from ECRs.

#### Who did you help this week?

#### Who helped you this week?
- EK with Zenodo & Github integration üéâ
- SB was an excellent host during the GitHub session üíñ
- AL answered some of my questions about collaborating on TREs
- AB moved SB's and my presentation at the lab meeting

#### What did you achieve?
- I finished prepping and delivered the GitHub session
- I started organising follow-up sessions for the GitHub session
- I met with various people from the AIM consortia (project managers, PIs, ECRs)
- I planned meetings with the remaining project managers (7/7 üéâ)
- Started working on updating the processes documentation for the AIM RSF
- Worked on Carpentries stuff and Turing-Connections workshop (now postponed)

#### What did you struggle with?
- Not everything went as planned with various things this week
- I may not always be getting the most useful information in my meetings

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- I have a lot of meetings with project managers (or as close as I could get) planned
- Continue working on reviewing and updating processes documentation
- Work on a current skills and training survey for the consortia

#### Where do you need help?
- Tips for effective meetings?
  * EK - we talked about thinking about the purpose of the meeting, having a set of questions that you want answers to, getting contacts and connections and asking follow up questions. Also making sure that actions are clear at the end of the meeting.  

#### Any other topics
I recently found out there is an [NHS R community](https://nhsrcommunity.com/)!
  * EK - please advertise these events in the turing health channel. 

## Date: 19 July 2022

**Check-in ritual**

### Project specific Reflection

I feel like I've been making pretty progress with stuff - I have meetings planned with most consortia now and quite a few people said are coming to Thursday's ECR session. However, our report to the funder has been rejected, which is disappointing.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

- REG training translation into R
  * Research data science course - https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/rds-course
  * EK - idea of a hackathon is great! We can get help from around the turing for this. David Bevan from Arts/humanities and other living with machine people. 

#### Who did you help this week?

I'm helping out with organising the Connections workshop.

#### Who helped you this week?

- JD has agreed to be a paelist at the Connections workshop üéâ
- MS is helping get access to TTW YouTube channel to share AIM RSF recordings - thanks for that üòä

#### What did you achieve?

- Finished the GitHub slides
- Arranged meetings with most AIM project managers
- Started advertising the ECR session and good a pretty good response
- Made a start on collating CM training resources

#### What did you struggle with?

- Personal stuff is affecting my concentration.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Deliver the ECR session on Thursday and make a survey/poll/HackMD question about wheat they want to learn and what they'd like the sessions to be
- Have all the meetings with the consortia people
- Contribute to the report revisions
- Work on my contributions to the Connections workshop
- Figure out a realistic way to get the REG training translated

#### Where do you need help?

- Any feedback on the GitHub slides would be welcome
  * EK - yes I will do this - thanks for sharing. 

#### Any other topics
* Feedback for sessions - forms, slido/mentimeter.
* impact pathways - https://ri-paths-tool.eu/en

## Date: 12 July 2022

**Check-in ritual**
- I'm very happy we got more people to show up for the ECR session on Wednesday and I'm hoping we can make a useR group happen üè¥‚Äç‚ò†Ô∏è‚ú®
- EB is back üíû

### Project specific Reflection

- Things have been going pretty well! I'm making some progress on arranging meetings with researchers and I'm also getting somewhere with the GitHub slides.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

- I've been working a bit slower than I'd like - part heat, part politics, part meetings - so I think I won't come to the office/HDR-UK event on Wednesday.

#### Who did you help this week?

- I think SB is quite happy she doesn't have to do the GitHub training :)

#### Who helped you this week?

- EK wrote up reflections on the RSF for the Q2 report to take it of my and SB's plate which was amazing üíó
- SB has written a really useful guide to installing homebrew on Macs with Apple chips
- DC has been great with sending out emails to ECRs for the talks

#### What did you achieve?

- Arranged a couple of meetings with consortia PIs/ECRs :tada:
- Submitted the OLS application
- Made progress with the GitHub workshop
- Started compiling resources from the Community Managers on training they have provided in the past
- Chaired the ECR lunchtime session
- Finished reading a bunch of policies on Cezanne

#### What did you struggle with?

- My concentration isn't great right now

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Finish the GitHub presentation
* Meet up with researchers
* Arrange more meetings with researchers ü§û
* Connections workshop prep
* Community Managers training

#### Where do you need help?

- I think I'm okay? I might send the GitHub presentation over once I have something in each slide!

#### Any other topics

- I'm pretty nervous about meeting up with one of the PIs today üôà

 * EK - R course for data science - well done for getting touch with REG team to develop this new course. 
 * EK to talk to Malvika about putting training videos on Turing way channel.

## Date: 5 July 2022

**Check-in ritual**

Had a lovely chat with JD about (broadly) language ‚ú®

### Project specific Reflection
Last week got pretty busy; I was able to do a few things, but not everything I wanted. I kind of forgot I took Friday off üòÖ

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
- The OLS application
 - EK - great job drafting this. 

#### Who did you help this week?

I helped out MM a bit with GitHub collaboration workflows

#### Who helped you this week?
- MM with introductions to AIM members
- SB with flyers for the ECR lunch session

#### What did you achieve?
- I figured out a level to pitch the GitHub workshop at/what content to cover :tada:
- I had some really nice/productive meetings.
- I submitted my probation document.
- I finished all the Bob's Business courses.
- I was introduced (via email) to some of the project managers/COIs of the consortia and I tried to plan meetings with them.
- I worked a little on advertising the next couple of ECR lunchtime sessions.
  - EK - all great - well done.

#### What did you struggle with?
- I've started reaching out to project managers/PIs in the AIM consortia, but I'm not necessarily hearing back from them. 
  - EK - try to find some work arounds to meet those postdocs/research assistants as they can be the most useful contacts for you. 
- I still struggle with managing my time/to-do list.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Finish the first draft of the GitHub workshop (from last week)
- Submit the OLS application (due on the 7th)
- Follow up on various training things (Turing data science training, CM training resources)
- Do some reading on things I can contribute to (TTW, Carpentries lesson on managing computatational projects)
- Try to consolidate some of what I've learned

#### Where do you need help?

I think I'm okay? I'm still struggling with some things (obviously) but I think I have some ideas on how to approach the issues.

#### Any other topics

- None this week!

## Date: 28 June 2022

**Check-in ritual**
I'm just really excited to be thinking about more specific things (training, events) for the AIM RSF community ‚ú®

### Project specific Reflection

* I've been working on brainstorming workshops we can offer for ECRs easily.
* I started writing abstracts for those workshops.
* I've been working on drafting the OLS-6 application.
* I still had to submit documents for background checks etc.
* I'm continuing to meet up with people (AL, GA, CF) and finding out areas of overlap in our projects.
* I finally got access to Bob's business videos! So I'm going through the courses on there.
* I went throught the Turing Way "Ways of working" document.
* I worked on my probation documents.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

* It'd be nice to talk about the "Ways of working" a bit, just to clarify some of the expectations.
  * EK - processes that you do in your team. These can be kept within private repos but need to be shared with those working in your team or wider if necessary. 
    * An example would be an issue template for use when planning events and an accompanying document to set out the process clearly.  
* Any feedback on my probation document?
  * EK - Objectives 1 to 4 look good - make the bullet points points specific task to achieve the objective. Probably take out objective 5.

#### Who did you help this week?

* I made a plot of the consortia wishes for support that DC used in the interim for the funder.
  * EK - great job :star:

#### Who helped you this week?

* The community managers groups gave me some ‚ú®excellent:sparkles: tips about approaching the mapping of training needs of ECRs.
* SB has been a rockstar (as usual) with answering GitHub questions.

#### What did you achieve?

* I've been doing some planning/writing about potential workshops and activities to support community building in my first few months (workshop brainstorming/abstract writing/OLS application/probation document).
* I'm still working on various "first days" employment things (background checks, training on policies).
* I met up with a few people working on very relevant projects!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Figuring out what's useful enough to put on GitHub.
* Finding time to clean up notes enought that they're shareable üòÖ

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Finish the OLS application.
* Finish a first draft of the GitHub presentation.
  * EK - what is the purpose of the training? write some learning outcomes. Blooms taxonomy. 
* Finish the policy training videos/courses.
* Write two more abstracts for ECR workshops.
  * EK - Please do try to collate the skills of the Comm management team in an issue as that would be helpful for all of us - what course could each of us teach easily? and have materials for already?
* Meet more people!

#### Where do you need help?

* I'll probably ask for some feedback on the OLS application once I've finished the first draft if that's okay!
* EK - please do send my way if helpful. 

#### Any other topics

- I need to do some work this week on Carpentries things (testing out the new infrastructure for lessons, going through and closing open issues).
  * EK - I think we need to find out where we can store our training materials for easy access - github, carpentries style, turing moodle?

## Date: 21 June 2022

**Check-in ritual**
- It was lovely to have intro coffees with VH, ZE, SG, and AR
- The "Sex, gender, binaries, and categories" talk on Friday was really cool üòª

### Project specific Reflection
- I've made some progress with reading documentation for the AIM RSF.
- I've been working on synthesising the things I've been reading.
- I've scheduled or had meetings with most CMs and I'm trying to meet the most relevant Turing RSF people too.
- Getting better at doing things on GitHub üòä
- Some things need to be changed/redone in terms of organising events.
- I've been feeling a little overwhelmed - I'm making progress with understanding how things work but new things keep popping up!
  - EK - these are all great things and keep going with all of this introductory meetings and readings. It is going to feel a lot at the moment but will get better. 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
- I haven't been able to get into contributing to the Turing Way yet - it'd be nice to get some tips on getting involved?
  - EK - Don't worry too much about doing anything specific at the moment - just try to come along to the turing way co-working on mondays and collaboration cafes if possible. The CM team often just go there to co-work on any work they are doing to get some company and chat to each other. This will probably then surface something you might want to get involved with.   
- Any tips on managing stress/feelings of being overwhelmed would be very welcome üòä

#### Who did you help this week?
- Contributed to the Consulation on UNESCO Best Practices for Open Research
- Helped to take notes at the drug coding meeting

#### Who helped you this week?
- VH was great when I was at the office on Wednesday ‚ú®
- SB has been amazing with AIM RSF things

#### What did you achieve?
- I've made some progress with reading documentation for the AIM RSF.
- I've been working on synthesising the things I've been reading.
- I've scheduled or had meetings with most CMs and I'm trying to meet the most relevant Turing RSF people too.
- Getting better at doing things on GitHub üòä

#### What did you struggle with?

- I've been feeling a little overwhelmed - I'm making progress with understanding how things work but new things keep popping up!
  - EK - this will hopefully get better once you understand better what your role is and what the tasks are that you need to do. You are still earning a lot so it is normal to feel this way at this point. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- SB and I are applying for OLS 6 - I need to work on the application
- Continue meeting up with RSF & other Turing people
- Dig into the AIM RSF GitHub repos and see if there's anywhere I can contribute
- Review and add content to the RSF website SB has been working on (+ form for them to register for events)
- Go through the Turing Way ways of working - EK - I can do this with you if needed. 

#### Where do you need help?
- I'm feeling fairly overwhelmed (and a bit intimidated) - any tips for handling that would be super welcome üôè

#### Any other topics
- Malvika mentioned the Communications people will get in touch with me? They haven't yet, should I do that?
- I have 1-to-1 meetings with EG as well - should I be focusing my reflections with EG and you on different topics?


## TEMPLATE

Date: YYYY-MM-DD

**Check-in ritual**
(Examples: recognitions (recognize colleagues), sparkling moments (recognize community members), shout-outs)

### Project specific Reflection

*Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on.*
(Since last week, review the progress you‚Äôve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention? Review if we can attract any attention or help highlight your work.)

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

*You can move points from your reflections to the following sections as needed.*

#### Who did you help this week?

Replace this text with a one/two-sentence description of who you helped this week and how.

#### Who helped you this week?

Replace this text with a one/two-sentence description of who helped you this week and how.

#### What did you achieve?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you achieved this week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you would like to work on next week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Where do you need help?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you need help on.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Any other topics

- This space is yours to add to as needed.
- Is there any particular reading/topic/task we want to explore and bring to our next meetings?

*CC BY 4.0 License, reused from the [Whitaker Lab Project Management Repository](https://github.com/WhitakerLab/Onboarding/blob/lab-meetings/Setting-up-your-weekly-meetings.md)*
