# The Turing-Roche Strategic Partnership - academia and industry working together towards personalised healthcare

- Website: https://www.turing.ac.uk/research/research-projects/alan-turing-institute-roche-strategic-partnership
- GitHub repository: https://github.com/turing-roche

## Case study for the position paper

The 5-year Turing-Roche strategic partnership was launched in 2021 after the success of a Turing-hosted hackathon event (Data Study Group) and a 12-week research project on lung cancer treatment that engaged researchers around real-world challenges provided by Roche. Focused on leveraging advanced analytics, the partnership aims to gain insights into patient and disease heterogeneity. Three key research themes guide their endeavours: structured missingness in heterogeneous data, predictive modelling, and multi-modal data analysis. The partnership involves a core team of colleagues from Turing and Roche, researchers from projects funded under the partnership, and the broader scientific community.

The current RCM, Vicky Hellon, has a background in Biomedical Science. She brings professional experience working in open access scholarly publishing and health data, with expertise in delivering services in these areas for funders and research institutions. To foster effective collaboration between academia and industry, especially given their different working styles, Vicky takes a key role in establishing ways of working and convening research communities around the partnership’s vision. She organises community engagement and virtual ‘Knowledge Share’ events, providing a platform for both the Turing and Roche researchers to give their perspectives on different data science topics and share their work with the broader research community. The event series launched in  April 2022 has so far featured 39 Turing and Roche speakers and has been attended by over 2500 unique attendees from 16 countries across the events. She also manages communications with the broader community through a Slack workspace, a project GitHub repository, a partnership YouTube channel and a monthly newsletter. 

To engage interested researchers under the partnership’s funding calls, she designed and hosted collaborative workshops to connect researchers working on similar or complementary ideas for co-developing proposals. A total of £800,000 was awarded to 3 projects from multidisciplinary teams and one of these workshops also resulted in a joint peer-reviewed article authored by the partnership team and workshop participants. She facilitates best practices and standards through opportunities for researchers to share their work openly, such as through open access publications and informal discussions with experienced researchers. In the second year of the project, she designed and launched a Community Scholars Scheme, an ambassador program that offers a stipend to UK-based PhD students and embeds them within the partnership community. These ambassadors undertake a community-based project of their interest contributing to the partnership’s aims and are supported to attend academic activities, including external conferences. This ambassador programme provides early career researchers with experience of working within the unique academic-industry partnership and opportunities to develop new skills that will benefit their future careers.


