# _The Turing Way_ - open science community and open source handbook on data science practices

- Website: https://ttw-book-dash.start.page/
- GitHub repository: https://github.com/the-turing-way/

## Case study for the position paper

Launched in 2019, The Turing Way is an open-source, community-driven handbook for reproducible and ethical data science. With a diverse group of nearly 500 direct contributors, The Turing Way has grown into a comprehensive project striving to make data science accessible, comprehensible, and beneficial to all, extending beyond the handbook. With over 350 chapters, The Turing Way aims to provide information, resources, and community support that researchers and data scientists across different sectors need to enhance the reproducibility and reuse outcomes from their projects. As of 2024, beyond contributors on GitHub, the community also includes over 1000 members on the Slack Workspace and 6000+ monthly users of the book.

The Role of RCMs in The Turing Way focuses on fostering engagement and collaboration within the project's extensive international community. Through collaborative events like the bi-monthly Collaboration Cafe, the bi-yearly Book Dash, and regular community-wide Fireside Chats, the RCM creates multiple opportunities for participation, ranging from onboarding to empowering collaboration and open leadership in the community. Coordination of project outreach, including communications, training workshops, and conference presentations, is a key responsibility of the RCM. Effective communication with the community is managed through newsletters, a Slack workspace, and social media channels. 

The current RCM, Anne Lee Steele, with a background in ethnography and data journalism, has engaged with open source communities and social science projects, an experience instrumental in creating opportunities for community members to be heard and exchange feedback through formal and informal governance of the project. Anne also conducts formal and informal community research to document processes developed within the community and share them via GitHub and the community handbook, making it easier for new members to join. As a part of this work, she hosts workshops, training and talks throughout the year to a diverse audience of ECRs, PhD students, and other related communities.

As a volunteer-led project, The Turing Way's community management extends beyond the RCM role. Community members provide maintenance and support, such as mentoring new members, providing reviews for new resources, and leading specific working groups to improve infrastructure, accessibility, translation and dissemination of The Turing Way resources broadly. Project leads and a Research Project Manager offer strategic and operational support, representing the project on various forums, writing grants, managing budgets, enhancing governance, and handling project management tasks. All members of the Turing’s RCM team also participate in The Turing Way and share knowledge from their work, collaborating with both Turing researchers and The Turing Way community.

Previous RCMs, Malvika Sharan, Rachael Ainsworth and Patrcia Herterich brought expertise in open science community building, open source development, research engineering, and library science. They have gone on to take positions in academia, corporate industry and independent consulting in open science and community projects. Specifically, Malvika now leads the RCM team at the Turing.
