# Health Programme and other multi-sector, large scale and meta-communities

- Turing - RSS Health Data Lab: https://www.turing.ac.uk/research/research-projects/turing-rss-health-data-lab
- AIM-RSF project: https://www.turing.ac.uk/research/research-projects/ai-multiple-long-term-conditions-research-support-facility 
- The professionalising data science role project: https://www.turing.ac.uk/research/research-projects/professionalising-traditional-and-infrastructure-research-roles-data
- People in Data project: https://www.turing.ac.uk/events/empowering-people-data

## Case study for the position paper

The Turing-RSS Health Data Lab, established in August 2020 through a partnership between The Alan Turing Institute and the Royal Statistical Society, collaborated with the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) to provide independent statistical modelling and machine learning expertise for pandemic response. The Data Lab focused on policy-relevant interdisciplinary research, addressing issues like social inequalities in COVID-19 risk, debiasing testing data, assessing acoustic markers for diagnosis, and using wastewater as a local prevalence biomarker. 

The Senior RCM (SRCM), Emma Karoune brought substantial research experience and provided community leadership from 2021 to 2023, bridging Senior Leadership and researchers across teams. Under her coordination, the Data Lab achieved milestones in under two years including completing 7 projects, publishing 6 peer-reviewed articles, and 3 preprints, while embedding open-source, open access, open data and reproducibility practices in the Data Lab’s work. Emma facilitated the creation of additional communication materials, including blogs, lay summaries, and non-technical reports, enriching the accessibility and impact of the research. Knowledge-sharing events hosted by Emma strengthened collaboration among senior leaders and the Lab and UKHSA research teams, allowing for valuable feedback for the early career researchers. 

Her leadership extended beyond the project, organising initiatives like an international public lecture series that attracted 1000+ participants and an additional 2000+ online views. Emma offers specialist consultation for various teams at the institute, including special interest groups, the Academic Programme, the Skills team, and business teams, which led to her transition into a more strategic community management role within the institute’s Health Programme. She also provides management and mentorship for Eirini (until 2023) and Vicky, forming a subteam of RCMs working on Health projects. Connecting different projects at the institute, Emma has also delivered interdisciplinary workshops and training for early career researchers in open and reproducible practices and has engaged with domain experts to produce impactful outputs such as policy briefings and practitioner recommendations. 

Emma is an active researcher, with experience leading technical and experimental research projects in archaeological sciences. She has delivered multiple academic projects and research outputs, especially through community building around open science practices focused on FAIR data management and stewardship in the humanities and heritage sectors. They also bring extensive skills and experience in developing training and curricula as well as teaching and mentoring. At Turing, Emma has successfully secured funding as a co-lead investigator for Diversifying Data Science Roles (Turing’s Skill Policy Awards) and People in Data project, with the latter resulting in her promotion to Senior Researcher. In her new role, Emma will continue to manage a group of RCMs to work with her on the newly funded project which will connect national communities of data professionals. The Turing’s Skills Policy Award for Diversifying Data Science Roles project has supported her and Malvika in conducting research, an output for which is this article.
